---
starred: false
status: "Triage"
type: note
tags:
  - daily
cssclasses: 
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Default]]"
publish: false
description: 
context: ""
created: 20230627043529
modified: 20230904121919
aliases:
  - '2023-06-27'
  - "2023-06-27"
linter-yaml-title-alias: '2023-06-27'
title: '2023-06-27'
date created: Tuesday, June 27th 2023, 4:35:29 am
project: ""
permalink: 
id: 01H70JG8EVAATAXFC3R9GCSWTS
---

# 2023-06-27

Week: [[2023-W26]]  
Weekday:: Tuesday  
Month: 2023-06

## Calendar

```gEvent
type: schedule
date: 2023-06-27
timespan: 1
```

## Links

```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"Computed Readwise")
```

## Affirmations


```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"daily_affirmations")
```

## Goals

```dataviewjs
const {Periodic} = customJS
Periodic.pullTodayGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullWeeklyGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullMonthlyGoal(dv)
```

What is your goal today?

dailygoal::
- Now [choose what you are going to do today](https://todoist.com/app/filter/2338045205) with this in mind.

## Tasks

Here are the loops that you closed today:

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-06-27 00:00 %%

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-06-27 23:59 %%

## Journal

Was today a good day?

howwasday::

---

What excited me?

- ? What excited you today?

Answer:

exciteme::

---

What drained me of energy?

- ? Did you spin your wheels on anything

drainenergy::

---

What have I learned?

- ? Did you learn anything?

whatlearn::

---

What am I grateful for?

- ? What are you grateful for?

grateful::

# Daily Notes



---

Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor. [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/VJCgEM9v5BmkvrDxIaiT) #napkin_idea

ALEXIS CARREL


---

Compress. Every task to me is like debt that hasn’t been finished.

It’s a projection out into the future of something you owe. I like to prioritize how I pay back my debts. I pay based on ones that accrue interest. If a task has no immediate consequence, I prioritize it differently. If a task has immediate consequences, I pay it back when I have enough energy. I’m talking about paying it back at my peak energy moments because those immediate tasks are tasks that I have been procrastinating on. If I’ve been procrastinating on it, the only way to catch up is to use more energy on it.

I have only so much energy in my day when I get paid every morning after sleep. I try to focus on the tasks that will keep me fresh next week. I feel you. The pile of tasks that comes up just keeps coming from random places. [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/8dFXDufq1aydChSssspY) #napkin_idea



---

I definitely empathize, I go through similar droughts as well.

One option might be to be more realistic with yourself. In software development, they have something called backlog grooming.

Basically, go through all your TODO items and decide if they are still worth doing. It's OK to delete things as "not going to do" or move it to a "Someday/Maybe" list that you'll get to another time. [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/2d3SDVruDnVAR3x6Lbtl) #napkin_idea
