---
starred: false
status: "Triage"
type: note
tags:
  - daily
cssclasses: 
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Default]]"
publish: false
description: 
context: ""
created: 20230628181208
modified: 20230904121919
aliases:
  - '2023-06-28'
  - "2023-06-28"
linter-yaml-title-alias: '2023-06-28'
title: '2023-06-28'
date created: Wednesday, June 28th 2023, 6:12:08 pm
project: ""
permalink: 
id: 01H70JG8EHSDJ2ABX0BE2P4KSJ
---

# 2023-06-28

Week: [[2023-W26]]  
Weekday:: Wednesday  
Month: 2023-06

## Calendar

```gEvent
type: schedule
date: 2023-06-28
timespan: 1
```

## Links

```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"daily_reading")
```
- [Waking Up](https://read.readwise.io/read/01gjr2j724698ts9z7mbyxz63z)
## Affirmations


```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"daily_affirmations")
```

## Goals

```dataviewjs
const {Periodic} = customJS
Periodic.pullTodayGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullWeeklyGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullMonthlyGoal(dv)
```

What is your goal today?

- Now [choose what you are going to do today](https://todoist.com/app/filter/2338045205) with this in mind.

## Tasks

Here are the loops that you closed today:

## Journal

Q: Which things do you want to memorize from today?  
A: I think I wanna memorize this thing

Q: Who do I need to thank for help today?  
A: I think I need to thank Meal for helping me because I think he’s done a lot and there’s only a couple of days left really until he leaves

But I think that he has just been an incredible resource for me, and I just want him to know how much she’s helped me, regardless of what the job ends up becoming

Q: What could I have done to make today even better?  
A: I think that I could’ve made a better point to get back to work whenever I found myself just thinking about the problems that wanted to eventually solve

It wasn’t as helpful to just think about them. It was more helpful to just start working on them.




# Daily Notes



---

Notice when you are not who you want to be

Forgive yourself immediately and fully. Then Begin again

<https://dynamic.wakingup.com/moment/MO3D842?share_id=7926F342&code=SC95E37F0>

I think this would be like those cringe moments that you have. the moment that you think that you did or said something wrong.

Which you very well may have, but this isn’t something that you need to beat yourself up about.

The fact that you’re even beating yourself up at all, is assigned that you have a conscious. Instead of just justifying it, or continuing to do it.

I kind of feel like the goal now is to acknowledge that you messed up in someway. If you did. And then just continue on with your day.


---

Perhaps the idea that your efforts must result in something tangible, like payment for writing, can hinder you before you even begin. This mindset could stem from fear of not being able to justify your actions if they don’t yield expected results. In reality, it's hard to predict what the experience will be like until we actually do it.

Perfectionism sometimes prevents us from starting because we find it hard to accept that getting started might be easier than anticipated. For example, when coding, although your code may not be flawless, there’s significant improvement over time. Your team members recognize this and understand that you have deeper knowledge than you let on. [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/skm3jZDWaG8lN8YohNhM) #napkin_idea


It's important not to pretend ignorance or presume expertise as both extremes can lead down a dangerous path. The key here is: You never know how things will turn out unless you try.

Consider work situations where coding takes longer than expected; does the extra time matter? Not really; at this point money isn't the motivation but rather delivering quality work and personal growth are paramount.

The same approach should apply when starting a hobby or business venture - focus less on potential outcomes but more on enjoying the process itself. Sometimes fearing success more than failure holds us back from beginning projects that could bring joy and fulfillment. [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/DStXBter2bqgiSXDgPUM) #napkin_idea


In fact, embracing necessary failures helps refine our craft and enhances enjoyment in doing them. We need to trick our brains into forgetting about reasons behind an action so we can concentrate solely on initiating and relishing in its execution – this principle applies universally whether talking with women or undertaking new ventures. [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/D40Z2QuGjbUzVA5bSFtQ) #napkin_idea [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/D40Z2QuGjbUzVA5bSFtQ) #napkin_idea



Instead of presuming certain outcomes based on past experiences or fears, adopt a scientific experimental mindset: "I don’t know what will happen so let’s give it a shot." Let go of any expectations about what might happen next – just enjoy whatever comes along.  
 [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/jHWoOVWijHjeX7rOqbwG) #napkin_idea




---

Capture assumptions

Then use ask yourself later if this is true. If you do not know, then test/try it [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/xAbfUcvnNsf2nSkpH0AJ) #napkin_idea


---

What would this activity look like if it were easy?


---

Thing is, land doggo is gonna be just as happy!  
That's why I like dogs it doesn't matter to them what someone has, they always love you  
[](https://www.instagram.com/reel/CtFq3Bzvty3/)

---

Collect questions [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/oXA8Pmk2mGOnyJhJQJy1) #napkin_idea


---

If there were five projects, and you knew you were going to fail all of them which one would you choose? [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/yRPdYjIvQHlejBFcefHW) #napkin_idea


---

If I could never talk about this, could I do it? [*](https://app.napkin.one/t/zm7714VEgQADLcQSJg5T) #napkin_idea
