---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W42]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231018000100
modified: 20231019131816
aliases:
  - Wednesday - October 18th 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Wednesday - October 18th 2023
title: Wednesday - October 18th 2023
week: "[[2023-W42]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-10]]"
daily: "[[2023-10-18]]"
month: "October"
weekday: Wednesday
---

# Wednesday - October 18th 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-10-18 00:00 %%
* Inbox
    - [x] Try Yoga at "Be Love" ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Support all data type to anybox ✅2023-10-18
* Work ==-
    - [x] get the github file link plugin for vscode ✅2023-10-18
* Home ==-
    - [x] Order Huel ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Sign up for run ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Follow up with doctor on getting adhd medicine ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Go pick up adderall prescription ✅2023-10-18
* Recurring Daily -=-
    - [x] Morning Gratitude start=due-0d ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Start Cook/Eat Breakfast start=due-0d ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Brush Teeth start=due-0d ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Start Rice Cooker start=due-0d ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Review other pull requests start=due-0d ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Review your own pull requests start=due-0d ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Meditate start=due-0d ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Check Dishes start=due-0d ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Do Pushups start=due-0d ✅2023-10-18
    - [x] Start Cooking/Eating Lunch start=due
    - [ ] -0d ✅2023-10-18  
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-10-18 23:59 %%
* ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes



[[Github Pull Requests]]



[[Magic Obsidian Commands]]

---

[[Simplifying helm versions]]

---

[[SREPROVNG-283]]


---

[[Set up New Work Computer]]

---

[[Embracing Growth and Confidence]]

---

[[See if DCR NFS Mount is Getting Overwritten]]

---

[[2023-10-18 - Itruffat]]


---



* $ Message nacho to find the migration spreadsheet.



like first of all it's a bit different and like our logic is not represented by this diagram because for example first of all what we do check is like we check if the changes are in a cluster scope they are in a specific node type scope or a specific node scope and then we do different things in this case so what i mean is like there might be a change that evolves involves the whole all the nodes in the cluster and that's what we call like the cluster the cluster scope but i see that michal had some logic that was saying like okay if i need to change only all the all the front ends then i'm gonna only change all the front ends if i want to change a single node i will i will do a single node and this is not represented so we have three different ways that we we can make changes plus there is a there are there is a difference if we want just to change configuration values in a sense like if we want to change probably the image of express that is running or the configuration version the configuration branch that is going to be used by atlas config and then there is also the case that we are doing some changes in a sense we're giving more cpu or we're giving more ram or we're giving more resources so this is also a separation in the it's our separate branches we do different things in the in these cases so i'm just mentioning that this is not a full representation of what we are doing let's say oh yeah yeah yeah um yeah i i knew that uh but also i believe that we have a couple of tasks that are representing the graph that we already have right like yeah yeah i'm actually trying to i was trying to do what i was trying to do for a few for for some time this morning was like i was trying to map what i see here with what's happening yeah in a for for in our scripts let's say and so but yeah anyway okay i will look into it more a bit i will spend some more time though to understand it better


---




and different actions when the third one is needed as well. That's what I was saying. OK. OK. Yeah. Anyway, yeah. But I believe that is because we are changing different repositories, right? I think it's because the first two just, yeah, exactly. Because the first two are controlled by deployment repo, or I don't know. I think that's why we also have it. In OCI's case, it's cloud deployment for sure that you control the first two. But the third one, from what I understand, you need to go to static configuration, which is like the XML files. Yeah, that's true from what I know. Like, he decided, and I actually don't know the decision, but he basically said, yeah, we cannot, we have to use the prod deployer for resizing the cluster. But we can change the express version on our own, and then just update the static configuration to match what we're changing it to. I don't know why it wasn't the case that we could do that with resizing the cluster as well. But I feel like he has a reason. He had a reason for that. I don't know what it is. OK. All right.


---


When we say service, it's a, and Luis, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it's an application that runs and supports multiple MEC clusters in a data center. Yeah. OK. Yeah. For example, Broadcaster is the solution that we have for sending emails, right? So it brings a service to the table, but it's an application. And the same for, I don't know how social works, but the server engine is like the same. And they are Broadcaster, and what was the other one? Broadcaster, we have Broadcaster, server engine, and social. Server engine, it's called. Yeah. Survey. Survey. Like, yeah. Survey, survey. Survey, survey. And at least, yeah, the survey, like, I haven't done much with them, but they, just to me, they just look like another Express cluster. That's all it is. It's just another Express cluster. But they've decided to, like, completely divorce themselves from this process, like, nacho, because it's obnoxious, like, in my opinion. But they're just deploying Express with a Helm chart, or sorry, with customize inside of the deployment repo, because I think they, well, not in every place, but in some places. And that's what they're trying to do moving forward. OK. Yeah. Yeah. We definitely need to have a chat with someone, whoever does that process today, and to see how it works, and actually what it is in reality, and how the deployment or upgrade of these services works, so that we can try to map it to some existing process or create something new. Sure. Should be, like, really similar to what we have for MVC, because they have a front end, back end, and everything is managed, like, very similar to MVC. Right, Devan? Is that right? Yes. Sorry, once again, it's broadcaster, survey engine, and the other one? Social. Social. I shared the engine of the applications on the chat. And do they, Devan, do you happen to know, do they use Prodeployer to deploy these, or is it something? I'm going to have to find, there was like a Google Sheets that had basically their migration strategy, and which ones are already on. But this is probably a year ago that I saw it. I don't think everything has been migrated over, but that's their intention, is to get away from the Prodeployer with just their applications. I need to, I'm going to ping Nacho and find that, and I'll share it with you guys.



---




it's done, like starting, I think we need to let Argo workflow wait until it's done, even if it takes multiple days, because I think that's probably the biggest problem is we don't know how many are going and the only person who does is Murtaza and I. And I think that's, yeah, like I need to find a way to leverage what Argo workflows is good at. And that's like managing like, okay, is this done yet? If not, then wait and then ask again. I need to, I need to leverage that functionality. I'm going to create a JIRA for that. I believe we had something like that for HTTP provision, right, Kamil? No, I don't think that there was the, there was something like a, like a periodic query for, yeah, that definitely is, you know, it's the case of ProDeployer as well, because when we, you know, you know, want to perform something or execute a job on ProDeployer, then the step itself, you know, in a loop tries to see if it's already completed or not. But definitely it's, it's limited to, you know, the standard timeout that we have in, in, you know, in the, in the workflow. So this, this sounds like that we either need to have a way longer timeout or bigger timeout for that, or implement it in a different way, like two phase workflow or suspend step or something like that. Yeah. But it's fine. Manual steps. Can you define manual steps? Workflow? Yeah, what you can do is to suspend the workflow, do the manual steps and then resume that. We have that support on the, on the API server, but we haven't, you know, haven't run any production tasks using that. We have, we have some suspense, you know, in the, in the tasks, but not like this. Can I share my screen for just a second? Yeah, sure. Okay. So this is what it's currently doing. It's a, create here, yeah. Initiate the cache rebuild. This is where it ends right now. This whenever the leader node is triggered, like the FE node by the restart, then that's when we mark the JIRA as complete. But I think what I feel that would be, I don't know, like, unless there's any reason why we can't Camille, I feel like we should just wait on that. Like not like check every five minutes, but every hour or something like, and only mark the JIRA as complete whenever that process has completed, or if it hasn't, which is very like, at least at this point, likely for reasons that are out of our control, they should fail. And so we can know who what's in flight and what is not using that, that that's what I feel like we should introduce right here. Definitely. I think that we definitely can find some support in Argo workflows to that, at least, or what's definitely there is that you can, you know, suspend the workflow, or if, you know, if it should be, because if you suspend the workflow, then someone needs to step in and resume that workflow one, you know, once they feel that it's it's ready to go, or ready to continue. Or you can run something in a loop once in an hour, as you say, and then only if the condition is completed, then you continue. How about you create, because we do create jobs, for example, we could create a cron job that will take and then unsuspend the suspended workflow as a step, you know, to that step, then suspend the cron job will be running every hour checking. And whenever it's done, like it will enable the job again, or something anyway. Yeah, yeah. I also think like, if, for example, SRE router was the client, it could do this job of Okay, is it done yet? Like, is it hasn't, like, hasn't completed if it's not completed? Like, that would be a different approach, though, like the client would be controlling whether or not we execute the next task. Whereas we could also decide to let the workflow itself just continue to run, like, I don't know which one's the best option. I think that's my hesitance in moving forward. Yeah, let's, let's create an issue for that. Okay. And see, I feel that we have multiple options. So we just need to


---


* $ DCR make a decision on the task

---

Create the design document in google documents.

---


[[Anxiety Discussion Lockhart]]


---


Oh no, it's going to be a diagram, a graph or just like a couple of lines to determine, to scope what the SRE router is going to do. I believe that I received like a really good feedback from, what was the name of this guy? Because he told me that he's thinking about the SRE router.


---
