---
starred: false
status: "Triage"
type: note
tags:
  - daily
cssclasses: 
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Default]]"
publish: false
description: 
context: ""
created: 20230602173838
modified: 20230904121920
aliases:
  - '2023-06-02'
  - "2023-06-02"
linter-yaml-title-alias: '2023-06-02'
title: '2023-06-02'
date created: Friday, June 2nd 2023, 5:38:38 pm
project: ""
permalink: 
id: 01H70JG8MJHM0SSPV4VQF5CNGW
---

# 2023-06-02

Week: [[2023-W22]]  
Weekday:: Saturday  
Month: 2023-06

## Calendar

```gEvent
type: schedule
date: 2023-06-03
timespan: 1
```

## Links

```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"Computed Readwise")
```

## Affirmations

```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"daily_affirmations")
```

## Goals

```dataviewjs
const {Periodic} = customJS
Periodic.pullTodayGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullWeeklyGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullMonthlyGoal(dv)
```

What is your goal today?

dailygoal::
- Now [choose what you are going to do today](https://todoist.com/app/filter/2338045205) with this in mind.

## Tasks

Here are the loops that you closed today:

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-06-03 00:00 %%
- Recurring_Home
    - [x] -> [Meditate](https://app.wakingup.com/) - [iOS](wakingup://) ✅2023-06-03  
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-06-03 23:59 %%

## Journal

Was today a good day?

howwasday::

---

What excited me?

- ? What excited you today?

Answer:

exciteme::

---

What drained me of energy?

- ? Did you spin your wheels on anything

drainenergy::

---

What have I learned?

- ? Did you learn anything?

whatlearn::

---

What am I grateful for?

- ? What are you grateful for?

grateful::

# Daily Notes



---

Choosing Sobriety for Personal Growth

I decided not to attend the white party, feeling conflicted due to concerns about excessive drinking and dancing. I didn't feel in the right headspace for it and doubted if it would benefit me. Instead of following my usual pattern of grabbing a six-pack or twelve-pack, then attempting to play video games without understanding what's happening, I chose to remain sober this weekend.

It feels strange but necessary for personal growth. I want to avoid investing energy into activities that don't serve or align with my goals. To do this effectively, I need first to define these goals clearly so that progress can be measured objectively.

These principles and objectives should be flexible and adaptable as new experiences shape them – they don't have to be set in stone. My goal is not just about building a system around these concepts; now is the time actually start using it and living life more fully.

When aiming for enjoyment, it doesn't mean seeking only pleasure-based activities which aren’t truly fulfilling or purposeful. It’s essential also working towards things while allowing room for fun along the way because life isn’t solely about work – it’s messier than that.

Discipline is crucial when following outlined plans as closely as possible when appropriate but allowing oneself more diverse experiences leads to growth beyond rigid routines and schedules. Embracing life's complexities makes existence richer overall.


---

In any given moment we have two options: to step forward into growth or to step back into safety.  
ABRAHAM MASLOW

---

Choosing Sobriety Before Disaster Strikes

I desire to make a conscious decision to quit drinking without it being triggered by a catastrophic event.
