---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W40]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231003000100
modified: 20231004224624
aliases:
  - Tuesday - October 3rd 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Tuesday - October 3rd 2023
title: Tuesday - October 3rd 2023
week: "[[2023-W40]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-10]]"
daily: "[[2023-10-03]]"
month: "October"
weekday: Tuesday
---

# Tuesday - October 3rd 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-10-03 00:00 %%
* Inbox
    - [x] provision a new cluster for Eze [(Open email in Spark)](readdlespark://bl=QTplcmF1bmVyQG1lZGFsbGlhLmNvbTtJRDo2NzkxNDQ0Ny4xMjk4OC4xNjk2MzM3%0D%0AMDM4Njk1QGFwcC1qaXJhLXZ4O2dJRDoxNzc4NzM4MzA3NTg2MTI4OTQ1OzIwNjg5%0D%0AMjQzNQ%3D%3D) ✅2023-10-03
* Recurring Daily -=-
    - [x] Start Cooking/Eating Lunch ✅2023-10-03
    - [x] Meditate ✅2023-10-03
    - [x] Do Pushups ✅2023-10-03  
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-10-03 23:59 %%
* ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes



---

Ask Murtaza why tahpigslug is doing a regular cr  
[medallia.slack.com](https://medallia.slack.com/archives/C8WF163AP/p1696338974905809?thread_ts=1696337630.175969&channel=C8WF163AP&message_ts=1696338974.905809)

---

follow up on response to Murtaza  
[medallia.slack.com](https://medallia.slack.com/archives/D024LL4PSKT/p1696340745415199)


---

[[2023-10-03 - SRE API Convo]]

---

[[2023-10-03 - SREBot Convo]]

---

[[Provision `secengdentest` for Varsamis]]

---

[[Follow Back up Here with Response From Chipo]]

---

[[2023-10-03 - Talk with ITruffat]]

---


What does comatose mean?

Comatose refers to a state of deep unconsciousness in which a person or animal is unable to respond to external stimuli. It is characterized by a complete absence of wakefulness and awareness.


---

Over reductionist

"Over reductionist" refers to an approach or viewpoint that excessively simplifies or oversimplifies complex phenomena, systems, or situations by reducing them to a single cause or factor. It disregards the intricate and multidimensional nature of the subject matter, potentially leading to an incomplete or inaccurate understanding of the subject.


---

---





---

Call mobile locksmith, Alex
* 918-770-8665
* ~ if you cannot get inside of car

---

Define deferential

The term "deferential" refers to having or showing respect, obedience, or submission towards someone or something. It often implies a willingness to yield, comply, or accommodate the preferences, opinions, or authority of others. Being deferential involves treating others with polite courtesy and acknowledging their superior position or expertise.
* Defer



---

benevolent

Benevolent refers to having or showing goodwill, kindness, and a desire to do good. It describes someone or something that has a positive, caring, and compassionate nature and seeks to promote the well-being and happiness of others.

---

---


I'm grateful that I was able to push something into production today that has been pending for a while. I got the immediate gratification of it working within minutes of merging the code as well


I'm grateful that my breaks are fixed!

And I'm grateful for this podcast I'm listening to

---

---

tineele
* ~ girl I met that Harlan is going out with
* Name is definitely spelled wrong.


---

it is possible to be mindful in the midst of chaos and work towards our lives being better in the process  

https://dynamic.wakingup.com/moment/MO52C58?share_id=A131E389&code=SC95E37F0



---

Ad nauseam

"Ad nauseam" is a Latin phrase that means "to the point of nausea" or "to a sickening or excessive degree." It is used to describe something that is repeated or done excessively, to the extent that it becomes tiresome, boring, or irritating. When an argument or discussion is presented "ad nauseam," it means that the same point or idea is reiterated over and over, often in an attempt to persuade or convince others. The phrase is commonly used in various contexts, including debates, marketing, advertising, and criticism.



---

Mom gave you his number



---

You are not an extreme example
