---
starred: false
status: "Triage"
type: note
tags:
  - daily
cssclasses: 
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Default]]"
publish: false
description: 
context: ""
created: 20230521095436
modified: 20230904121920
aliases:
  - "2023-05-21"
  - '2023-05-21'
linter-yaml-title-alias: '2023-05-21'
title: '2023-05-21'
labels:
  - home
date created: Sunday, May 21st 2023, 7:52:35 pm
project: 'Inbox'
permalink: 
location:
  - 48.8584
  - 2.2945
id: 01H70JG8RG81305G31G6ZZCDC7
---

# 2023-05-21

Week: [[2023-W21]]

Was today a good day?

- Generally, would you say today was good or no?

wtagd:: yeah I think it was generally a good day. I felt like a made some good changes to my systems and also got some things done that I needed to do. I also had some time to chill with Bryan which felt good.

---

What excited me?

- What excited you today?

**wem**:: yeah I think it was for the most part. Seems like it was nice to be able to just chill and go to the park. That is not something I often let myself do.

---

What drained me of energy?

- Did you spin your wheels on anything

doe:: I cannot think of anything that drained me of energy today?

---

What have I learned?

- Did you learn anything?

whil:: I can easily setup my note taking workflow in obsidian. Which I feel is going to help greatly for taking daily journal notes. Mostly because I feel that knowing that I can gather up each item programmatically. I think this can make me weekly reviews easier to do.

---

What am I grateful for?

- What are you grateful for?

gf:: I think I’m grateful for having a friend like Bryan. It seems that he has been an awesome person to just chill and do random stuff with. Which is honestly what I need to do more of in my life.

---

How did I push the needle forward?

pn:: I think I was able to push the needle forward on making changes to my daily note taking workflow. This is something I have been wanting to do for a while and so I made the time for it. I think it is going to pay off when I do my first weekly review.

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-05-21 00:00 %%

---

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-05-21 23:59 %%

```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"Computed Readwise")
```

```
const {Readwise} = customJS
var today = new Date("2023-05-21");
Readwise.fetchFromHighlightApi(dv, today)
```
