---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W47]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231123093836
modified: 20231123140315
aliases:
  - Thursday - November 23rd 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Thursday - November 23rd 2023
title: Thursday - November 23rd 2023
week: "[[2023-W47]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-11]]"
daily: "[[2023-11-23]]"
month: "November"
weekday: Thursday
---

# Thursday - November 23rd 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-11-23 00:00 %%

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-11-23 23:59 %%
- ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes


We can just point out, but anyway, we are not mapping the actual time when we are starting impacting the customer, all those stuff, like the data that they're asking for, it doesn't mean anything. I mean, I mean, the one thing that it means that to me is like, the only reasonable thing to keep there is, is not even something you would fill in. It's when the incident started, like when it was recognized as an incident by a human and said, Hey, we need to create an incident channel. That's the only thing that needs to be there, like being updated on the JIRA, but you know, whatever. Hopefully with the SRE router, we can, you know, start gathering those types of things for them without, in a way that makes more sense. Yeah. True. I agree. Yeah. Anyway, like, I think while working on SRE router, I would suggest in parallel, we can start designing, create another design document for restructuring the SRE bot workflow as well. It would be really better. Like, cause in case if some step fails, you know, right? If even if for that incident creation part, if one step failed, we get collapsed in a lot of things. Let's say for just for the eq ticket creation part, if the ticket creation fails, the entire workflow will be affected. Like even without ticket creation, we won't get an eq ID, without eq ID, we won't be able to create a Slack channel like that. All these things are really tightly coupled. So we get, I'm just saying an example for that JIRA ticket part. Similarly for the status page, you know, status page functions, inviting users, all those stuff will be at present, that entire workflow is tightly coupled. In case if any of one step got failed, the entire incident creation got failed. Exactly. Yeah. It's yeah. I recognize the same thing, but I didn't know what to do about it because it seemed like it was just built. So like, I don't know, like, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how to, I don't know how to fix that, but, but I think you're right. It just had to be this taking steps towards decoupling those things so that, you know, maybe, maybe the JIRA fails, but the incident channel gets created and, and, and whatnot. Like yeah. Yeah. Anyway, like if you want to talk about improvements, we have a lot of things to improve, but yeah, at least the small steps are really great. Like at least we are trying to do something. So that is really great. Like that initiative is really great. I believe in that. At least we are doing something without being idle, right? Yeah. I agree, man. It really is like you guys have done a hell of a job and I'm trying to focus right now like on SRE router, like I have, I haven't looked at it in a few days, but we did create some JIRAs as a part of the, like the first set of JIRAs on the Epic. And mainly like what we're trying to do, or at least Farsamis and Camille are trying to do is lay out, like, I can share it with you here. Hold on. If you are having enough time or else we can, there is no use, we can sync up on another day. Cause it is anyway your time off, right? No, it's okay. I can show you right now. It's okay. Here, let me share my screen. So we created some JIRAs to kind of map like the high level of what needs, like what kind of dependencies that we have. And then like, so we were basically just using that, not the design document yet, cause I feel like that this is what's going to help us fill in the blanks on these JIRAs. But the, where is it? Yeah, this, we basically just took a look at this and Farsamis was like, okay, we need to create a JIRA for this, you know, this portion. And we need to create a JIRA for like, this is mostly what SRE router is going to be right here. But right now we kind of like that, that's all that exists is this, like, but this will become more like, we're going to create like a lot more JIRAs for it. But for right now, like what we're trying to understand is like how we want to structure, like how we want to structure like a single message, a single event that is feeding into the application from the, like whatever event source that it is. So that's kind of where we're at right now. Cool. Cool. Anyway, it was a great start, I believe. But at the same time, we have like Nikhil created like a router himself. And he said, hey, like we can like see what the payload is looking like. Like I have an SRE router, like repo, and I guess, I don't know what, I don't know which one we should use. I'm just saying like, I think that there's a, I feel like we can use like this to do some like early testing. So I set up with Nikhil, like to send the payload for alerts directly to the IP address. So all he would need to do is plug in his image to this. And so, yeah, but like, I guess, like, I think I'm going to know more once I actually get started on like these, these epic like items, because I guess like, what we still have is a lot of like pre-work to the actual like building of the application. But I don't know, I think in the next couple of weeks, we'll probably have a better idea like of what, because then, because we really, we need to go into the design document and actually start creating the JIRAs for like everything that encompasses this to, because that's, this is what SRE router is going to be. And Varsamas has a pretty good idea like of how we're going to do that. He wants to build everything like in a modular way, like everything is like its own, like, you know, Python package and like, we won't have it like, kind of like in the same way. Like, I think what you're just like, we won't have it all in one application. We'll have one application, we'll be importing like all of the various modules, like, which I'm really, I've never actually built something like this before, like in that way. So I'm really interested to see how Varsamas like sees, you know, you know, if he had it his way, then, then, you know, from the beginning, then how would it look like, that's what I'm really interested to see, you know? Yeah, that is really great. Yeah, the one of the best thing if we are modularizing the entire components within an application is like, the reusability part, we can reuse it in case if in future, if we want to design a new tooling system for our infrastructure, we can refer the same like, like, which we are doing for Provengy framework, as that one is present, like, we can do a lot of things along with this Provengy framework, right? Even it was created for the provisioning part, but still, we can use we can integrate a lot of things to it, we can plug a lot of new toolings, which we are planning to build or something. We can plug that in. So yeah, that is really great. Yeah, I'm really looking forward to it. And it's, it's gonna be a long, you know, project, but it'll be like, I think, I don't know, fulfilling, like, to work towards it. Yeah, true. Anyway, that is a great thing. I'm so happy to hear that.

---




```
generators:
    - list:
        elements:
          - name: eraunertest
            namespace: tenant-122834-prod
```

To

```
generators:
    - git:
        repoURL: git@github.medallia.com:Atlas/deployment.git
        revision: preprod
        files:
          - path: ../overlays/den/clusters.yaml
```
- `apps/dcr/overlays/den/clusters.yaml`
	- Need to fix this

```
validation pipeline reported 1 validation errors. please fix.

ERROR: Invalid file name pattern(fileCase check failed): apps/dcr/overlays/den/clusters.yaml
```

```
clusters:
  - name: eraunertest
    namespace: tenant-122834-prod
```

```
kubectl describe applicationset dcr -n argocd --context den
```
