---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W40]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231004000100
modified: 20231006185943
aliases:
  - Wednesday - October 4th 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Wednesday - October 4th 2023
title: Wednesday - October 4th 2023
week: "[[2023-W40]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-10]]"
daily: "[[2023-10-04]]"
month: "October"
weekday: Wednesday
---

# Wednesday - October 4th 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-10-04 00:00 %%

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-10-04 23:59 %%
- ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes


[[2023-10-04 - SRE Automation Discussion]]



[[Mermaid Diagram for AlertIncident Management Flow]]


---


[[Discussion with Luis]]


---


[[Fix Failed Provisioning]]


---

Elena
- Asian girl I met along with [[Harlan]]
	- We go stuck at 36 degrees after hours


---

this is your medallia openai phone number linked through `erauner@medallia.com`  
9186070053
- Mom's phone number

---

test varsamis changes to provisioning-ng
- $ Think I got this done.



---

Medallia API key  
`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`

---

[youtube.com](https://youtube.com/shorts/WidvDhwdLhM?si=U-n-0YgIgCDcrhTv)  
Stop chasing outcomes. Let go of things beyond your control. Find your inner peace. This is the Backwards Law.

---

[youtube.com](https://youtube.com/shorts/Lkm5VGWjD_k?si=pQgc7tRA1u5xIagJ)

---

Confidence isn't about walking in a room and thinking you are better than everyone, it's walking in and not having to compare yourself to anyone at all.
- ~ mom sent to me



---

Lindsey and Eay
- ~ don't quite remember, I think they are the people I met who like to sing and I told to go to karaoke at rabbit hole


[[Setup Automatic Audiopen]]


---


[[2023-10-05 - SRE Prov Meeting]]


---


All right, so I can definitely get you some assistance with that. I do understand you're calling for the LISDEX Meta Feta Cap and what milligram are you currently taking for that one? The one that was prescribed is 30 milligrams Okay, awesome, thank you so much for that information And Evan also I can let them know that you want to change the address so they can update that Okay, you can update the address No, I can let them know to go ahead and update your address and then you would just give them the new address if you like Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Let's do that. Okay, but Awesome Yeah, all right. So I'm gonna put you on a quick brief hold Evan and I'm gonna get you transferred over. Okay? Okay. Well, um, are they going to be able to help me with the um, with the prescription issue or no? Yeah, so they'll be able to um, so your dedicated team that's who you go through the insurance for And they'll be able to further assist you With the questions that you have anything that you have pertaining to your medication Um your address changing anything. They'll be the ones to further assist you. Okay. I understand now. Thank you My pleasure just a moment


---

Vyvanze coupon savings program
- Vyvanse $30

With the medication, she mentioned that the pharmacy advised a high copay for Listex amphetamines and that you were wanting to know the reason for that. Is that right? Yeah, that's, I mean, basically, like, I used to have Adderall, which is very similar. I haven't been able to get it because there's a shortage. And so I basically, you know, just stopped taking it entirely. And, and then, you know, when I went to the doctor, I just said, hey, like, I need to have something, something that I can actually get. And so we switched to Vyvanse, and then I went to Walgreens, and it costs like $400. Got it, okay. So with the, with this medication, and it is the 30 milligram capsule, is that right? Yeah, I believe that's what he prescribed. Prescribed. Okay. And so it sounds like this would be the first time due to the shortage, they moved over to this one. This would be the first bill, correct? Yes, it is. Okay. Okay. Yeah, so I do see that the pharmacy processed it. I do show that it went through that $245.71 estimated copay. It is related to the deductible. So I do show that there's still, you know, remaining deductible on your account. So it's a total amount of $1,500. And you know, until that's met, the medication costs are, you know, the insurance doesn't exist until the deductible has been met. So higher medications, you know, it looks like this costs more than the Adderall does overall. So that's why the cost is so high. It's deductible related. There's a couple things that can help with, you know, producing that potentially if your local pharmacy accepts coupons or discounts, sometimes those can help. Sometimes they can use both, maybe they may be able to use one or the other. But there's nothing wrong with the account. It is showing that it's going through just fine. Kimberly did mention the pharmacy said there might be an issue with the account, but I do not see that there is one at this moment. So how much, so I guess this is, I mean, I've only been recently on an HSA and I guess this never was a problem to me because I was trying to build the HSA account up by just like soaking the cost of Adderall because it was relatively cheap. And I mean, I, now I guess what I'm, I guess it would have been better, but I guess I wasn't faced with this issue because of the cost of Adderall just wasn't nearly as expensive. So I'm just trying to understand like what I should have done and could have done and what I can do now. Like that would make sense to do, given like what I want, which is to use Vyvanse. Got it. Let me, let me see what they tried because they did try for the brand name first. I'm going to just see what that estimated cost was showing here. Okay. I think this one was higher. Yeah. Cause you said it was, it was closer to $400. Is that right? Or three to $400? Yeah. When they tried it? Yeah. I think, I think what they mentioned is that either the generic, the generic and the name brand or we're both like at least 200 plus. Okay. Let me see. Cause I see that the Vyvanse is pretty high as well when I checked the copay cost on that one. So the estimate is $308.90. So it is higher than the generic on there. I'm just taking a look to see cause with manufacturers, with the brand, they usually do have a savings program. Again, that can help with the cost until your deductible has been met. Cause this one is overall higher than your previous prescription. Anything that's discounted, it does not apply towards your deductible. But the only reason I mentioned it is because I understand it's a higher cost than what your Adderall was. Let me see here. Is there any other alternative that your doctor has recommended besides the Vyvanse? I absolutely understand there's been the shortage with the Adderall overall. Not yet, but in the past I've had some other ones that I know really were not good for me. And while Adderall seemed to work the best, it, you know, like what I would prefer is something that works even less well, but you know, like that I can actually get. And it just seems that this up and down, not being able to get it for weeks at a time and then being able to have it and then start the whole cycle. I feel like that that's just worse. And sorry for going on a rant about it here, but I, yeah, I just want to figure it out. Like, like, does it just make zero sense for me to pay that amount? Like until, like, because when does my deductible, when does that renew? Like. So it's, it's for, it's reduced the beginning of the year. It shows that this was started on, it started accumulating on January, in January, 2023. And I do see, you know, accumulated amounts from, you know, other prescriptions like the Adderall before. And actually I think that's the only one listed on here. Oh, there's one other one. So it was accumulating for any prescriptions that were, you know, that you had picked up throughout the year. Yeah. But it was at a lesser cost than, you know, this current one. Let me see what your, your, your account says for brand name Adderall. Because you were, you were using the generic, right? That was the one that was getting filled before. Yeah, it was. But I guess I, to my knowledge, the only thing that, like, it was just Adderall in general, generic or otherwise that was, that you couldn't find. They don't have it at all. With the brand and generic, okay. Well, like, I mean, I haven't been presented with that option. Like, they basically, every time I come in, they're just like, yeah, we don't have it again. And then I'll try again next week and I don't have it again. It's just like, you know, it's not sustainable, like what's happening. Absolutely. And with that deductible phase, it still, you know, would be a high cost. I'm just trying to see if that was maybe an alternative, but I hear what you're saying. Let me see here. How much, if I did meet my deductible, how much would it be costing me instead? Once it's met, let me take a look at what this falls under. Because it sounds like if this was my prescription moving forward, then that would just be, that'd be something that I expect and like average out. Like, you know, it's always going to be expensive until I meet the deductible. In which case, after I do, then it will be hopefully a much more reasonable cost. Yes, understood. So you are correct. Once your deductible has been met, it is listing as a tier one medication, which is the lowest tier for, you know, prescription costs. For a one month supply, it shows that at most it would cost $10. $10 or less for a one month supply at your local pharmacy. Okay. So I think, I guess, I mean, while it doesn't really make sense to me, like, but it makes sense in that the reason I'm in that situation is because the cost of Adderall was inherently lower and I was just not charging it to the card because I was trying to build up my HSA account and I was comfortable with doing that. So, but in doing so, I was not able to meet the deductible because I wasn't putting money. What amount of money a year does it cost to get, to meet the deductible so that the cost of Vyvanse would be $10? So that whole amount for the deductible, if I'm understanding that correctly, it's $1,500. So say like if you bought your prescription at the cost that it is for the generic of Vyvanse or dexamphetamine, it does show that you have a remaining amount on your deductible of $428.63. So that would be what still needs to be met if you buy it at that cost today or, you know, when you pick it up. Gotcha. So it seems like, it seems like it wouldn't make any sense to start doing this until the beginning of the next year and then begin to soak the cost of that at that point so that it's $10 for every time after. Because now I'm in a position where it's just going to, you know, I'm basically, I'm paying a premium just so that I can get it at $10 for maybe one or two months at most. Is that true? I agree with the end of the year coming up. I hear you. I hear you. Let me see. Yeah. So it may be worth looking into the coupon for just with, you know, if I'm understanding you correctly, I'm seeing where you're coming from because we're at October. And if you buy it at that cost for the next couple months, you know, almost $300 for each one, there's still a little bit to be met or maybe just for the last month, depending on, you know, what prescriptions you pick up between now and December. Yeah.

---

Towards your insurance, you know, the deductible will it won't be affecting that or buying to that But again, it'll help you to get your medication if you're able to use it Okay, so pretty much if I fill this thing out I can get the violence for For $30, but it'll be $30 out of my pocket not going through insurance at all Exactly, so it's it's not if they take the car or best or first option, but Yeah, if they can use that, you know Just maybe a better route for this and part of the year and anything that you buy out of pocket You can submit to your insurance for reimbursement To let you know to my paper claim. It does seem it's worth looking into with how high it is Yeah, I mean it really I I mean, I I'm just stating because it helps a lot Because it helps for me to like a work through this problem by just saying it out loud but basically like as I understand it it would if that's how much you would ever continue to be then it seems like it would and if and if Vivense is always going to require you to pay like four or five hundred, you know dollars To meet the deductible like the only thing that it would make sense to use violence to to buy by vet to get it through the insurance as if other things that you were spending and On the on the account. We're meeting that deductible it's like You pretty much just go through this Until by through other means that you're paying for doctor's visits or whatever you hit the deductible and then it makes sense to go through the insurance because at that point then you're not then Because you could if you had no other costs, then you could just continue to pay $30 for that for that medication But you know like the Amount that you're well, you're saving at most is $20 It'd be at least based on what variables you've given me here if you've already met the deductible I ideally through other means that weren't and buying Vivense for $400 You know Right other medications or if you're you know, your medical Connected to that. I'm falling. Yeah, and you know any any way I can help to again this out. No need to apologize, right? Totally understand because with you know, everybody's situation is a bit different, you know Yeah, like when you're signing up for your plan just depending on medications that you may be taking or doctor visits No one can predict, you know, if they're gonna visit the doctor or need to visit the doctor Yeah, you know just going forward especially with your plan renewing Yeah deductibles they can they can be a bit, you know, if you can affect things like this when you have high-costing medication Yeah, especially if the deductibles on the higher end. Well, yeah, I think Specifically in mind, especially if you're renewing here If I'm renewing here, what do you say? I'm sorry. Oh No, no, you're totally fine just just you know renewing into the new year if there's anything to To keep in mind with prescription costs, like you said if you're staying on by bands or if You know the shortage gets sorted out at that point because we're hopeful where you know We've been hoping that that shortage was going to get addressed throughout this year It's still continuing on. Yeah, but the Adderall well, I mean I'm I'm what I'm most hopeful about is this coupon program because it sounds like I mean That's essentially what I've already been doing which is paying for Adderall out-of-pocket because it's been somewhat reasonable so, I mean that would be if I can get this then that would that would effectively be the exact same thing as I was doing before and And I'm hoping I'm hoping I can Make that happen. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna look that up and I'm also going to call Well, I'm gonna call Walgreens first and see if they accept coupons to make to Soften the blow there Yeah, absolutely just to see before pursuing, you know it absolutely and then if anything, you know, you can see if a different Pharmacy accepts if Walgreens does not for any reason, okay Hey, I really appreciate you helping me just walk through and just talk through this situation Even though I'm probably just saying really obvious things because it just it just didn't seem so obvious to me whenever I like You know encountered the situation


---


Really like I feel like I've been kind of stupid with this With this HSA since I've gotten it Because I just I've read online that it makes sense to build that account up like, you know, because you could you can Effectively like by switching from the FSA to the HSA You can retain that amount like throughout like you're not losing anything if you don't use it. So I guess I I guess what I want to know if it's Like doesn't make sense on my end to do what I've been doing, which is soaking the cost myself I've been allowing the account to build in that way like Is that does that just not make sense to do or or not? So with the first part, I mean, yes it is Beneficial in general it doesn't like it's yours. It doesn't expire like an FSA would So HSAs are great for that just to hold on to just in the event that you need those funds for anything medical Or prescription related. So, you know, it's it's more based on Like your preference I guess and you know, there's you know, no worries about how you've been going about it There's good and there's there's good benefits to having an HSA it's just Every situation is different. Sometimes people have an HSA and they don't use any prescriptions or maybe sometimes yeah prescription But if there's a routine medication that you take and this is new like it's a shift from you using the Adderall That's not here anymore to a medication that's available, but you know Significantly higher in cost that affects the way that you're using it, you know, or maybe using that Just to make sure I understand when you say that you're building up your account You're buying your medication without the HSA and then letting the HSA build like with those funds. Yes That's that's the that's the thought behind it because basically like in my head Well, I can afford it right now and I would I'm putting I'm I'm trying to capitalize on the fact that I can save this money For a point in which I would like need it and I wouldn't you know, I guess I'm trying to offset the cost of what it would eventually cost me if If I needed all the money at once and I guess the only reason I'm able to do that is because I don't have a family and all these things that would Pretty much Because like I think that would warrant having an FSA or something like that because you know You're going to have more medical expenses I know what my expenses are and I know that I can pay for them out of pocket So I'm choosing the HSA so that I can build that account up Yeah, I mean it never hurts to This is again just my own personal opinion. It's dependent on you as well It never hurts to save the money for a rainy day and what they just say it's always there for you like You know not relevant but for example My I don't have my own personal HSA that Like from from a previous company that I worked for that I was able to use for even years afterwards So it just depends on how much you'd like to save for just in case If you can afford to buy the medication or buy anything medical pharmacy related right now You can do that, you know or or you can use HSA because from my understanding your company funds the HSA every month They do that right a certain amount. Yes Okay Yeah, it really is just dependent on your your preference. There's no And that's just it right with your medical and pharmacy needs you can't predict Any changes until they happen? Yeah, and having that extra money is great And If you you know, you can use your own money and save it for another time The only thing is, you know, like your money can go to whatever you want to use it for HSA is only for you know medical and pharmacy purchases Or like we're like there's nothing wrong with building it Yeah, I guess you're right. I Know I'm just like I'm just trying to make sure what I was doing and what I you know, I'm I'm just trying to make sure that it makes sense for whenever it eventually comes time to change the if it makes more sense for me to to switch to switch to something different and I mean, I'm guessing if I were to continue to use this medication and something that I plan on doing like pretty soon is going to therapy I almost feel like it would make more sense to switch back to an FSA because Then I wouldn't have this high deductible that I would have to reach because and I know I would have more like, you know So it's not it changes if you if you do or do not have deductible IP and that's just it Every plan is a little bit different. We only have access to see what's currently active right now But if you're going to have a routine medication that's high in cost and you know Maybe other things happening on the medical side like you mentioned with therapy then that may be you know Beneficial to look at once once you choose your plan next Because right now, you know, I know we're looking at ways to to make the medication work for the next handful of months Yeah, all good points to consider It's really just you know, there's nothing concrete that I could provide for you But if I can help you to understand what may or may not work now and then in the future, you know I hope this is helping I'm actually I feel kind of dumb that I've never just called to To verify this because I felt like it was obvious, but it obviously was not because I don't know if this is much more helpful than scanning a bunch of reddit threads and Looking at like, you know the website to me just interacting



---
