---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W41]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231014000100
modified: 20231018100618
aliases:
  - Saturday - October 14th 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Saturday - October 14th 2023
title: Saturday - October 14th 2023
week: "[[2023-W41]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-10]]"
daily: "[[2023-10-14]]"
month: "October"
weekday: Saturday
---

# Saturday - October 14th 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-10-14 00:00 %%
* Home ==-
    - [x] Pay your taxes! ✅2023-10-14
* Recurring Daily -=-
    - [x] Morning Gratitude start=due-0d ✅2023-10-14
    - [x] Meditate start=due-0d ✅2023-10-14  
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-10-14 23:59 %%
* ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes


---

Confidence is completely separate from how you present yourself to a woman

Having a sense of groundedness, like you have your opinion of yourself and you are grounded in that


---

[[Anybox Changes]]

---

Define subsisting

Subsisting refers to the act of maintaining or supporting one's basic needs for survival, such as obtaining food, shelter, and essential resources. It involves sustaining oneself or a population by acquiring the necessary means of subsistence, often through economic or natural means.


---


I want to create a GTD inbox system, I am using an app called "Anybox"

What I have available to me are tags and folders.

The way I have setup my workflow in other systems is "Home", "Work", and "Side".

I want to capture information that I can later process in my PKM system.

some information, like bookmarks will stay in anybox. but other information that is more transient will leave anybox when it is "processed"

could you help me create this process flow and suggest a layout of how each item could be processed?




---


[[AnyBox Processing Strategy]]

---


[[Workbench]]


---


[[Trying Trigger Dev Job]]


---
