---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W39]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20230930000100
modified: 20231001083711
aliases:
  - Saturday - September 30th 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Saturday - September 30th 2023
title: Saturday - September 30th 2023
week: "[[2023-W39]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q3]]"
monthly: "[[2023-09]]"
daily: "[[2023-09-30]]"
month: "September"
weekday: Saturday
---

# Saturday - September 30th 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-09-30 00:00 %%
* Work ==-
    - [x] Ask German to send you the transcript for meeting the other day ✅2023-09-30
* Home ==-
    - [x] Ask drew 6 inputs ✅2023-09-30
* Side ==-
    - [x] Implement this change in todoist flow ✅2023-09-30
    - [x] download this book ✅2023-09-30
    - [x] Download The Psychology of Money ✅2023-09-30
* Recurring Daily -=-
    - [x] Vacuum front room ✅2023-09-30
    - [x] Start Cooking/Eating Dinner ✅2023-09-30
    - [x] Plan for Tomorrow ✅2023-09-30
    - [x] Meditate ✅2023-09-30
* Recurring Monthly -=-
    - [x] Give Lucy her flea and heartguard medication start=due-0d ✅2023-09-30  
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-09-30 23:59 %%
* ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover
- [x] Ask German to send you the transcript for meeting the other day [Todoist](https://todoist.com/showTask?id=7273103687) ✅ 2023-09-30 ^3d4b7
	* ~ Send recording to [[Dhoward]]

# Daily Notes


---

escitalopram
* This is the drug you were considering taking for anxiety/depression.


---


Is it that you just have not been asking the right questions?
* ~ Something I was wondering is. Are the questions I am asking just not good ones?
	* Perhaps it is helping for me to help use AI to clarify what I actually mean before I go and say it.



---

[instagram.com/adrianactucker](https://instagram.com/adrianactucker?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==)
* Adriana, girl I met at King Cabbage
	* Friend of Bailey Meister
		* She mentioned The croods

---

[instagram.com/ihavetwocats](https://instagram.com/ihavetwocats?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==)
* Tori, the other girl I met at king cabbage
	* ? Met her on hinge I think?


---

Josh

Guy who I met at King Cabbage
* Tall guy

---


[[Modify Todoist Flow]]

---


[[Anybox Changes]]
* Added one

---

[medallia.slack.com](https://medallia.slack.com/archives/D044XU1E0UE/p1696028258382799?thread_ts=1695931957.008949&channel=D044XU1E0UE&message_ts=1696028258.382799)


---


Simplify Recurring Task Todoist Workflow
* ~ need a simpler way to deal with these types of tasks.
	* Of all types:
		* Daily
		* Weekly
		* Monthly
* ~ Need easier way to push things to a different day without resetting (postpone)
	* Might not actually be a problem though




---



[[Plex Server Onboarding]]


---


[[Planning Budget Strategy]]


---


Adjust Reader Workflow

Books
* ~ Books that I'm reading should be archived and tracked
* ~ Books that I am going to read next should be in `Later`


Videos
* ~ videos should consist mostly of things I have already watched on youtube and I would like to watch again and take notes on.

---

Make Adjustments to Anybox to make it usable.



---



[[Dr K Guide]]
* [[ADHD|ADHD]]
	* [[ADHD & Doing Stuff Module Overview|ADHD & Doing Stuff Module Overview]]  
	* [[What is ADHD|What is ADHD]]
		* [[Clinical Criteria of ADHD|Clinical Criteria of ADHD]]  
		* [[Model of Motivation|Model of Motivation]]  
[[Anxiety|Anxiety]]  
* [[Anxiety Module Overview|Anxiety Module Overview]]  
* [[Anxiety 101|Anxiety 101]]  

---


[[Video Courses]]

---


[[Content/Notes/Refactor/Meditation|Meditation]]  
[[Confidence|Confidence]]  
* [[Confidence Vs Ego|Confidence Vs Ego]]  
