---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W44]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231102084442
modified: 20231103101206
aliases:
  - Thursday - November 2nd 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Thursday - November 2nd 2023
title: Thursday - November 2nd 2023
week: "[[2023-W44]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-11]]"
daily: "[[2023-11-02]]"
month: "November"
weekday: Thursday
---

# Thursday - November 2nd 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-11-02 00:00 %%

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-11-02 23:59 %%
- ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes

What are you grateful for?

What are you looking forward to today?

What did you like about today?

---


Need to designate the `den` uses `preprod`, L1 currently might not be aware of this difference


---

Version that is so instead of having this thing here. We change it here. Yeah and then The the thing is that what we should do is like we should go to the Jenkins file and we should add steps here, which will be a Express specific which I don't think that they're gonna be okay with because this is just For Yeah, but for its genetic it's for everybody right today Don't give it no from here and like test customize or like test helm or they don't test him Yeah, they don't test home Really yeah So then it's We have another point. Yeah Okay, then this And how do they know Okay, I need to look into this okay, this is keeper norms, but they don't test home But Are you sure that they don't test them? I think they test like Because there's like a combination of customized and helm being used they test the customized part of it But I don't think they test like the helm, but I'm not positive. I'm not positive Yeah Anyway, if they don't then we have another thing that so we could we could try to Convince them that they can or tell them that they can we cannot stage is here that will test for Helm And then if you have the normal structure like like I Describe then what should happen is like you need to have the tag to the To the Two tags actually here in deployment repo See, it only has three tags. But then we should start tagging for Helm versions. Yeah, okay because if you if As I was explaining the other day like if you go to the manifest of helm Here, yeah, okay, so Yeah Okay, spec source Application spec I want the source, okay That source because this source has like a Ah Fuck They don't have the schemas installed here, that's why you don't get it And then in Denver Okay, so it has this flag target revision in the this them the description the explanation of the Application resource our go application and this thing is like it says here that in case it's git Which is the case for us? This can be either a commit a tag or a branch Yeah, so if a tag or something Yeah, a tag would be better because commit you can use commit hash but commit hashes can be more Yeah, I wouldn't make so much. It's it's not the human friendly. Yeah, so If we do add a tag, which will say express dash v Dot zero dot zero dot three We can then go and change the application definitions and not this This attribute this parameter there this this Parameter start using this and we will say which which tag to use instead of saying Having three different sub directories. Yeah, that makes sense. And then we if we can detect What are helm charts, which What what sub directors have helped us and then which you can do I believe then you can run tests specifically for Helm charts. Nice. That's the idea. But yeah, I don't know



---



[[SRE Prov Technical Discussion]]

[Enhancement of MEC Deployment Task Management - Evan Rauner - Pacific](https://pacific.medallia.com/display/~erauner/Enhancement+of+MEC+Deployment+Task+Management)



`/group/<group-name>`.
