---
starred: false
status: "Triage"
type: note
tags:
  - daily
cssclasses: 
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Default]]"
publish: false
description: 
context: ""
created: 20230701112903
modified: 20230904121919
aliases:
  - '2023-07-01'
  - "2023-07-01"
linter-yaml-title-alias: '2023-07-01'
title: '2023-07-01'
date created: Saturday, July 1st 2023, 11:29:03 am
project: ""
permalink: 
id: 01H70JG8C29ZH67BZZWWZMP3YC
---

# 2023-07-01

Week: [[2023-W26]]  
Weekday:: Saturday  
Month: 2023-07

## Calendar

```gEvent
type: schedule
date: 2023-07-01
timespan: 1
```

## Links

```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"Computed Readwise")
```

## Reading


```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"daily_reading")
```
- [Waking Up](https://read.readwise.io/read/01gjr2j724698ts9z7mbyxz63z)


## Affirmations


```dataviewjs
const {Computed} = customJS
Computed.displayObsidianLink(dv,"daily_affirmations")
```

> Notice when you are not who you want to be

## Goals

```dataviewjs
const {Periodic} = customJS
Periodic.pullTodayGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullWeeklyGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullMonthlyGoal(dv)
```

What is your goal today?

dailygoal::
- Now [choose what you are going to do today](https://todoist.com/app/filter/2338045205) with this in mind.

## Tasks

Here are the loops that you closed today:

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-07-01 00:00 %%

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-07-01 23:59 %%

## Journal



# Daily Notes



---

I've realized it's important to reflect on my workouts immediately after I finish them. This helps me understand what was significant about each session and how it made me feel, rather than waiting for later when I know from experience that I might not do it. Setting up this system allows me to capture any relevant information while it's still fresh in my mind.

This practice is about more than just exercising at the gym; it extends to other areas of life as well. Even if a workout consisted only of five exercises lasting over an hour, reflecting on the process afterwards gives meaning to the effort invested and creates a sense of satisfaction.

In the past, despite completing many routines at the gym, I often felt inadequate or as if something was amiss. What I've come to realize is that these feelings were not due to lack of effort but because I wasn't reflecting on what I had accomplished during these workouts. Without defining what "enough" meant for me personally or analyzing where things went wrong and how they could be improved next time, there was no measure for success.

Now that I'm taking active control over this process by engaging in immediate reflection after each workout session, there's a newfound sense of fulfillment even beyond fitness goals. Writing down thoughts during various activities provides greater meaning and enriches experiences overall - even though fewer tasks may be done compared with before.

Furthermore, having thoughtfully reflected upon your actions solidifies their importance for you personally such that others' opinions become less influential over your own judgment and self-perception.

The reflective exercise does require some additional time investment which can slow things down somewhat but considering its benefits in enhancing personal growth whether inside or outside the gym context –it seems like a worthy trade-off.  
Overall,this approach promises sustainability which makes all efforts worthwhile.This realization alone has been transformative already.There seems much more potential awaiting discovery through further applicationthis is merely the beginning!



---

finding time to meditate. there is no end to the activities.
- when the thought arises to do meditate, seize it.
- Wake up right now, whatever it is that you are about to do.

<https://dynamic.wakingup.com/moment/MOC2C1A?share_id=16392AA2&code=SC95E37F0>
