---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W43]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231028000100
modified: 20231031090224
aliases:
  - Saturday - October 28th 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Saturday - October 28th 2023
title: Saturday - October 28th 2023
week: "[[2023-W43]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-10]]"
daily: "[[2023-10-28]]"
month: "October"
weekday: Saturday
---

# Saturday - October 28th 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-10-28 00:00 %%

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-10-28 23:59 %%
- ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes


Flutterflow
- No code platform


- [/] magic link for sign in.
- [/] Build grant review page
	- [x] Database


Collection

User
- Name
- Email
- Company Name (optional)


Grant Matches (Recommendations)
- Url
- Goal
- `Grant Info Reference`

They can select more than one grant match.

Grant Info
- File Path
- …







ID is in the webhook






%%
Get the email, click the magic link, it'll take them to an authentication page. An authentication page is? In the web app. In the web app, okay. So now you want to go to that authentication page? Yes. Gotcha, okay. And so Flutter Flow makes that really easy, like three clicks of a button. The magic link part is the hard part. Gotcha. Okay, what's hard about the magic link? You just have to figure out which API to go through and make sure it's generated correctly. Oh, okay. And then whenever they hit that link, it brings them directly to this page, right? They're not doing any further, like that contains the string inside of the URL? Like? So the magic link is going to take them to the page that we're building in right now to help them authenticate. Yeah, I guess what I'm wondering, when they hit that button, is it bringing them directly in? Or is it, they have to, that's bringing them to a login within which they use their email. Yeah, they're going to be bringing to login. We could pre-fill their email if we wanted to. Actually, that's probably a good idea. Maybe not, I don't know. But anyway, sign in page. They'll sign in, and then that magic link will connect their OAuth credentials to the user document that we created when they signed up here. And so this thing will create user document. Good, okay. So here goes the process.

%%


---






Homepage

Authentication Page

Grant Review Page




`pubsub-grant-discovery-triggers-recommendation-create`
- This one is good.



`recommendations-created-triggers-email`
- Trying to have it send
- 39 to 44


```
def send_magic_link(email,userid):
  url = 'https://app.quillify.ai/#/loginpage/tempuserref/'+userid # the URL where the user is redirected for signing in
  continue_url = 'https://app.quillify.ai' # the URL where the user is redirected after signing in
  # Set up ActionCodeSettings
  action_code_settings = auth.ActionCodeSettings(
    continue_url=continue_url,
    url=url,
    handle_code_in_app=True,
  )
  # Trigger the Email Link
  auth.generate_sign_in_with_email_link(email, action_code_settings)
  return 'Magic link sent!', 200
```


You may just want to, instead of changing the function, make a copy of the function and work in there. So then when it triggers, it triggers both functions, so you'll get an email with the list of grants and you'll also get the email saying. Oh, okay.


---


`schedule-calendely-pubsub-triggers-send-email`
