---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W39]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20230927000100
modified: 20231014075543
aliases:
  - Wednesday - September 27th 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Wednesday - September 27th 2023
title: Wednesday - September 27th 2023
week: "[[2023-W39]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q3]]"
monthly: "[[2023-09]]"
daily: "[[2023-09-27]]"
month: "September"
weekday: Wednesday
---

# Wednesday - September 27th 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-09-27 00:00 %%

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-09-27 23:59 %%
- ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

## Goals

```dataviewjs
const {Periodic} = customJS
Periodic.pullTodayGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullWeeklyGoal(dv)
Periodic.pullMonthlyGoal(dv)
```
- ? What did you do today to contribute effort towards your goals above?
- ? What am I avoiding?

# Notes Created

```dataviewjs
const a = app;
if (!app.isMobile) {
  const { AnyBox } = customJS
  AnyBox.populateTable(dv, "2023-09-27", "link")
}
```

```dataviewjs
const { Daily } = customJS
Daily.displayDailyNotes(dv, "2023-09-27", 5, ["Calendar"])
```

```dataviewjs
const a = app;
if (!app.isMobile) {
  const { AnyBox } = customJS
  AnyBox.populateTable(dv, "2023-09-27", "linkwithcomment")
}
```

```dataviewjs
const a = app;
if (!app.isMobile) {
  const { AnyBox } = customJS
  AnyBox.populateTable(dv, "2023-09-27", "note")
}
```

# Rollover

# Daily Notes
<center><iframe width="600" height="85" src="https://ashleyhindle.com/focusanchor/api/kaxvYE8hiuKxyHVs/embed"></iframe></center>




---

Infiniti


Certified pre owned


---


Buy a comb to look for ticks on Lucy

---


Using AI as a CBT

---


Try this  
[pomofocus.io](https://pomofocus.io/)

---


See if you can use this new dc as an opportunity to handle adhoc tasks  
[medallia.slack.com](https://medallia.slack.com/archives/C022XV98JH4/p1694106797797809?thread_ts=1694097332.045179&channel=C022XV98JH4&message_ts=1694106797.797809)


---


apple refund  
[support.apple.com](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204084)


---


You can force re-embedding a specific file by running the "Find Smart Connections" command on the target file.  
[github.com/brianpetro](https://github.com/brianpetro/obsidian-smart-connections/discussions/203)


---


[[Intellect Perception vs Reality]]


---


Try google docs transcript


---

Try yerba maté tea


---


Clean out all starred in anybox


---


Set reminder to get internet bill money Respond to Tyus  
[Note](anybox://document/6D788AC3-3521-47C6-B10A-175A928B1902) Keyboard shortcut to grab last item out of anybox


---

[[Refactoring Thoughts for Clarity]]


---


Buy a smart scale

Should be one that can automatically send over WiFi

---


Download taking charge of adult adhd


---


try and use script kit to watch for file adjustment and create git commit everytime it is updated

specifically for vscode settings.json global


---

Clean air filter


---


Autodoist should add due time of now if next action flag is given


---

Todoist obsidian view that shows you how many days you have to work on something before deadline

Option to move the deadline by relative amount of days

Comment on task when it's pushed


---



Perhaps some kind of report that tells you everyday how many more days you have to do this thing?


---


You should use the top level task as a way to set the "deadline" of a thing you are trying to do

So for example, if a top level task is more than x days out (due) then you will not schedule it tomorrow

So when you create a task, it gives you a relative choice of when you want the deadline set. End of week, end of month. Or x amount of days


---


Can span multiple projects with cron Todoist reschedule logic if you look for all projects with a parent of "id"


---


Set a day once a week to go through napkin readwise highlights



---


Automate for commit for any changes to obsidian vault or drafts

Script kit as well

Run it once a day

Try to commit it yourself but if you cannot this will catch it


---



[[Meeting with Varsamis]]


---



[[Express Cluster Deployment]]


---


[[Check Tulsa Pages]]


---

Todoist obsidian view that shows you how many days you have to work on something before deadline

Option to move the deadline by relative amount of days

Comment on task when it's pushed

---

Perhaps some kind of report that tells you everyday how many more days you have to do this thing?

---

You should use the top level task as a way to set the "deadline" of a thing you are trying to do

So for example, if a top level task is more than x days out (due) then you will not schedule it tomorrow

So when you create a task, it gives you a relative choice of when you want the deadline set. End of week, end of month. Or x amount of days


---

Can span multiple projects with cron Todoist reschedule logic if you look for all projects with a parent of "id"


---

Set a day once a week to go through napkin readwise highlights



---

Automate for commit for any changes to obsidian vault or drafts

Script kit as well

Run it once a day

Try to commit it yourself but if you cannot this will catch it



---

setup a meeting with @ybernsetin



---

Add another “plan tomorrow” at the end of the night for your 5-9



---

create todoist cronjob in script kit for home/work/side

Definitely, push subtasks to next day (just like daily)

Could consider moving something to afternoon if not finished in the morning

Could sync up parent/sub? perhaps not though?
- not even sure parent tasks actually need a time moving forward?
- might be beneficial though if the parent task could be rescheduled to the day the subtask is if it is noticed that there is a difference

could even consider completing parent? (maybe this would be separate)

consider adding a due time if one does not exist? Remove on any other subtasks after it that might accidentally still have a time?
- would have to ensure that other tasks that is parent of still have due?



---

Create an LLC



---

Start paying down principle on house

---

Make anybox accessible externally

---

Flea bomb the room

---

Try buying some as well Gonda for lowering cortisol



---

Bring the alert to eng-ops-channel in the Button on the side


---

Here’s a short audio reflection from the Waking Up app:

https://dynamic.wakingup.com/moment/MO3840D?share_id=925DEE3E&code=SC95E37F0


---

Text Sam Enloe


---

Don



---

Jared



---

add a "push_to/5pm" for example to cronjob

for when you have a default early time set for something, but if you don't do it then. your fallback time is a later point.

When it checks again, if it is already due at (or past) the label (example of 5pm). then check it like normal.



---

Here’s a short audio reflection from the Waking Up app:

https://dynamic.wakingup.com/moment/MO34074?share_id=66FD4AA0&code=SC95E37F0



---

Should I put due dates on subtasks that regenerate?

---

Track teaching Lucy tricks

---

Create a filter for trying new things in Todoist

Try label

Will get things from things 3

---

Notes added to anybox

Highlights a day to readwise

Articles reader in reader

Book progress?

Audiopen conversations with yourself


---

Need to map the file in the container to local for habist

Else it will lose it



---

webhook should make sure the comment it makes is first

even if it is late



---

webhook listens to comments -> posts them to daily note



---

Here’s a short audio reflection from the Waking Up app:

https://dynamic.wakingup.com/moment/MOD087E?share_id=ACC9197F&code=SC95E37F0



---

Yaml to map the alert name to action(s)


---



---

Create a GitHub repo for your Todoist task templates


---

Add a project for Fun
