---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W40]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231002000100
modified: 20231004225900
aliases:
  - Monday - October 2nd 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Monday - October 2nd 2023
title: Monday - October 2nd 2023
week: "[[2023-W40]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-10]]"
daily: "[[2023-10-02]]"
month: "October"
weekday: Monday
---

# Monday - October 2nd 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-10-02 00:00 %%
* Work ==-
    - [x] Check failed prov ✅2023-10-02
* Home ==-
    - [x] Order groceries ✅2023-10-02
    - [x] Go buy 6 things of Morton table salt ✅2023-10-02
* Recurring Daily -=-
    - [x] Meditate ✅2023-10-02
    - [x] Do Pushups ✅2023-10-02
    - [x] Start Cooking/Eating Lunch ✅2023-10-02
    - [x] Gratitude ✅2023-10-02
    - [x] Vacuum front room ✅2023-10-02
    - [x] Go to 36 degrees ✅2023-10-02
    - [x] Reading ✅2023-10-02
* Recurring Monthly -=-
    - [x] Submit Internet Expense start=due-0d ✅2023-10-02  
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-10-02 23:59 %%
* ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes

---

should instagram be your personal CRM?

---

* ? Start storing people's names into Airtable

---

Define what should be kept inside of any box and what should not


Have a process to ensure everything gets moved to obsidian unless it matches a certain criteria. Then it should be anybox


Ex:

Links to common site(s)

---

Hungry root

---

Odeszza fri 4
* Brittany wants to go.

---

[podclips.com](https://podclips.com/)  
PodClips: Explore the most interesting and engaging podcast audio clips.

---

Hannah

---

Bryan and Cheri
* Met at Circle table at Mercury lounge

---


---

Witch house

---

November 10-12

---

Brittany
* Bigger girl who was with Lauren

---

Lauren
* Red hair

---

Saturday 28th due shop
* ? What is this?

---

Cal scrubby
* Rapper

---

Jen
* Randi's wife

---

Mischievous

---

Mischevia

---

Randi
* Met at the rabbit hole

Curtis
* Black dude who sang really well
	* Met at rabbit hole

---

Rachel

---

David and Julia

Morgan

---

War eagle

---

[[Gym Recommendation]]

---

[[Anybox Dump]]

---

medallia gists  
[github.medallia.com](https://github.medallia.com/gist/)

---

[[Anybox To Do Link Dump]]

---

[[Anybox Reference Link Dump]]

---

[[Older Anybox Link Dump]]

[[Anybox Images]]

---

Try installing gradio python program  
[discord.com](https://discord.com/channels/879548962464493619/1014577787039924226/1156572578949898341)

---

[[2023-10-02 - Meeting Notes]]


---


[[Move Unplanned Gc Directly to Monitor Channel]]
* $ worked on this a little bit.
	* ~ Asked for feedback [here](https://medallia.slack.com/archives/C022XV98JH4/p1696262483837809?thread_ts=1695750523.935739&cid=C022XV98JH4)


---


seeking pleasure and avoiding pain  
https://dynamic.wakingup.com/moment/MO2AACD?share_id=191FB6E9&code=SC95E37F0



---

[[Check This Failed Prov for Luis]]

---



[[Simi]]

---




[[Content/Notes/Refactor/Test Note]]

---


this was interesteing becuase idk  
[typeset.io](https://typeset.io/)  
Chat with PDF and conduct your literature review faster using SciSpace Copilot. Discover 200M+ papers or upload your own PDF, highlight text or ask questions, and extract explanations and summaries.



---


[[2023-10-02 - Convo with murtaza]]


---


Hey Ashley, this is Evan Rauner. I'll have my Nissan dropped off by 10.

---



I'm grateful for allowing myself to just take some time and get my groceries today without rushing myself

I'm thankful that I was able to have a conversation with Simmy today that was long and fulfilling. It didn't feel like it was forced, so I was able to really feel like it was something that was special.

I'm thankful that I allowed myself to kind of just take things slowly today.
