---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W48]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231128000100
modified: 20231129000100
aliases:
  - Tuesday - November 28th 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Tuesday - November 28th 2023
title: Tuesday - November 28th 2023
week: "[[2023-W48]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-11]]"
daily: "[[2023-11-28]]"
month: "November"
weekday: Tuesday
---

# Tuesday - November 28th 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-11-28 00:00 %%
* Recurring
    - [x] Check Calendar for what events are occuring ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Catch up on Email Inbox - Morning ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Take a shower ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Take Vitamins ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Brush Teeth - Morning ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Start Cooking/Eating Dinner ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Meditate ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Gratitude - Morning ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Read Highlights ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Evening Journaling ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Finish Dishes ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Finish Laundry ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Check Snoozed Emails - Evening ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Brush Teeth - Evening ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Put in retainer ✅2023-11-28
    - [x] Reading ✅2023-11-28  
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-11-28 23:59 %%
* ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes


But I thought that you can control it by a flag, like if you're going to store it in S3 or not. OK, I didn't know. I think maybe you can check the code. But I faintly remember that we agreed with Michal that the Python code is going to be uploading them to S3 only if they are bigger than 100 kilobytes or something like that. I don't know. And if the code uploads the outputs to S3, it assigns the path to data field, so that the API server knows that it should look for them on S3. I think that we can keep this kind of behavior so that the API server will still be looking on S3 only if the path to data is assigned. But the provisioner could upload them to S3 like always, just to be sure. I can create a JIRA for that. Yeah, if you can, that would be great. OK, let's start with a stand-up. Mostly, I was doing these bug fixes. But I also did some progress.


---


target. In this case, it's just the backend. So now, the user should approve that. And up until now, JASP comes in and generates individual Jira tickets for all of these lines. And the rest is, you know, as usual. Now, there is a new mode in JASP that skips that and directly creates the tasks for this. So up to now, it was what's happening right now? Yes, yes. So the new mode is called massSubmitAssemblyAPITask. And it goes directly and submits the tasks. So I refresh this. It's turned to running. And here, we have a link to the UI with the task group. All right? So that all the tickets, no, not tickets, all the tasks have been created with the same task group. So the users can easily refer to them out. So I have a question. So now that it works like this, what's dictating the, can you go back to the last tab? What's making this running? Or what makes it stop running? Like, what makes it done? Are you meaning reconciliate this? Yeah, I'm saying like, yeah. So if you have not gotten to it already, I was just wondering how it now determines if the status of this is complete. Yes. At this very moment, nothing turns it, except for the user when they consider it's done. Because that's something I don't know. You know, the users might want, or the user might want to switch this ticket only when all the other tasks are completed successfully. Or they may want to, you know, finish that, or switch the tickets, you know, when majority of the tasks are completed successfully. Or I don't know. Maybe we could, yeah, the reconciliation that turns this ticket or switches this ticket to done or failed is something that I need to implement based on someone's input, probably, you know, RMT folks, or, you know, production services guy, guys. I don't know what's the, what's, what's the best, like, expectation when this should be turned into done or failed. I feel like for now, it probably is just fine. Because otherwise, you're going to have to, Well, I guess technically, like, since you have the name of the task, or sorry, you have SRE mech rec 10, you could just look at, like, that could be every five minutes, or whatever the cron is looking for which tasks are in that group and what the status of them are. Yeah, but yeah, definitely. There are ways to like technical ways how to achieve. Yeah, we can. One option is, as you mentioned, wait for all of them to be done. And only then switch this to done. Right? If any of them fails, then we can switch this to failed. I don't know what's the Yeah, I feel like I feel like for now, then nothing is probably like, because I feel like we're gonna get into a situation where they're gonna have a bunch of tasks that fail for whatever reason, and they need to open a JIRA because the express cluster is messed up or something. And so I feel like I feel like it just being a manual toggle for right now is sufficient. But I don't know what you guys think. At this phase, definitely, because there are much more important things to resolve. Because this is just the just the submission of the task, right? So you're saying like manually to say if that was successful or not, the original the ticket. That's what we're saying. Yeah, we well, the once we use, you know, submit these tickets, just turns this into running. Right. And that's it. Someone needs to step in and say, hey, this is done, based on some kind of criteria. Normally, we do that automatically, right? When we have a single task running, which is tied to a single JIRA, then we check that the task is finished and switch to JIRA. You know, based on the based on the result of the task either done or failed. Now, since we have multiple of them related to a single JIRA ticket, then the question what to do, right? And when? Yeah. So at this moment, there is no automated reconciliation process that would that would be switching these JIRA tickets, you know, from this running state. So we'll see, we may have something. It's fairly easy. But what's maybe more important is to, you know, every time that we deal with some kind of mass submission of multiple things, multiple tasks, there might be something's happening, right? Some of the tasks might not be able to, you know, submit, because of, you know, the API server may be busy, or I don't know. So what happens if we are able to submit five, you know, 50 and other 50 couldn't be submitted? Oh, I decided to utilize the nonce. I've already spoken, or spoken about that with Rasmus last week. Since we have, you know, this nonce field here, which basically says that if someone submits a task with the same value of this nonce field within the nonce validity, then the tasks will task will not be resubmitted. And the user will get this tasks in response. Right? It's a basically a safe, safety measure for someone or for some kind of program to resubmit the very same task in a short time again. Right? So if, you know, half of these tasks couldn't be submitted, the issue will not be switched to running, it was approved. And the process will be like repeated in the normal period of, you know, just run time. So it has some preconditions, we definitely need to extend or expand this validity. Because this now it's five minutes, we will have to make it a bit more than five minutes. So when, you know, it just tries to resubmit this ticket, again, only those tasks that couldn't be that couldn't be submitted from or during the previous run will be will be submitted. The other ones will be just, you know, returned the already running tasks. I don't know if this is clear. Sorry, guys. I think it makes sense. I was so if it gets submitted, and it can't run for whatever reason, because there are other tasks running, I thought the I thought that it would go into like a like a queued state. Like it would run. Yeah, this is, this is another, another situation. I was talking about a situation where it couldn't be submitted for, you know, say that someone didn't check this, this and will be HMD to data sensor, which doesn't exist. Right? In that case, the API server, because it has the list of valid data centers in the spec, it will respond that this task, this one single, this single task, the last one could not be submitted at all. Right? It refuses to submit that. And what if someone, you know, fixes that, and wants to submit the ticket again, that's okay. If they do that within the if they do that within the nonce validity. In that case, only the last one will be resubmitted. And all you know, the previous ones will be left intact. Okay, okay. This has a like a limit limitation so that if all of the tasks couldn't be submitted within, you know, defined number of retries, I have to, I believe in my default here. This gets increased with a, you know, with every time when, when someone when just submits that. So if this of all of the tasks couldn't be submitted within two retries, in this case, the ticket will be switched to failed automatically. Okay. We can increase that number if you find that this is needed. And I think this is a, this is a I think this is a, like a still a call for a case that we should be able to submit all of them. Like, in the first attempt. But still, I thought that this might be something good to have from the beginning. Yeah, yeah. This is nice. I like or can you go back to the UI real quick. So, or I guess the list view. Where it yeah test group. So I feel like the state of it. Like whenever you link it at the state of everything that is completed is not showing up. So that only what is not completed is showing up would be relevant to them and then they can remove that from the URL. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah. And this is, this is a bit related to what you mentioned earlier. These three first three tasks are already running while these two are still submitted because that's because my bucket here. The deployment bucket that this task belongs to and my local host has three slots in total. So that just three of them are running in parallel. And these two are queued waiting for a free slot. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think that makes sense. In reality, we'll be definitely having a bigger deployment bucket in production. But it'll be really, I think that would be nice, even though it would be bigger for like these bigger deployment groups like the deployment groups won't be happening all at once. Hopefully, it will happen in bigger batches in three. But like, I guess, broken up into groups would feel like less scary than with groups within those groups, then to do them all at once. Yeah, but I agree. But I don't know if we will be able to control that if someone, you know, defines the whole data center here. Because they they can use them something like something like this, which basically is the everything that's in the Thunder group, no matter in which data center they're in. Then it will simply and so in a case like that, which is probably worst case scenario, like we're, we're expecting people not to do something like that, unless they know what they're doing. But to be able to, like stop, like the existing tasks, like right now, we don't have anything for like that. But in that scenario, they would have to, like, go through each individual task and stop them when they when we have that functionality. Um, yes, but, you know, we, that was a good point from our assignments last time. Since we have this kind of grouping here, right? It would be good to have like checkboxes for each of these lines somewhere. And then at least two buttons, right? We try and stop. Yeah. So everything is going to be in one place. So everything that you select, you could, or you should be able to either retry, like at once, or stop. And that's something that I wanted to discuss with you guys. Yeah, maybe resubmit as well. You know, because the resubmit picks up the new image. In just in case we need to fix something in the middle because something Yeah, maybe resubmit or yeah, that's a question if it's a good idea to allow them to resubmit the tasks, just a subset of them. I don't know. Maybe we can say that if you want to resubmit something, you need to create a new juror ticket. Yeah, so yeah, true also. But one thing that I'm not sure of is, we probably, or, you know, these tasks do not have juror tickets, right? But normally when they do, we stop, or at least retry the tickets, or retry the tasks using juror, right? And we switch the ticket to ready to retry. So probably not to mess up with that for the tasks that do have juror, we probably don't want these two buttons, these buttons to appear for those tasks that do not have that do have juror tickets, right? And for that, we need some kind of, we need to distinguish the individual tasks. So I need to know that this specific task doesn't have juror ticket. How do I do that? There are two options, at least. First one is to not assign this, right? In this case, there is this original ticket, this one, right? We can leave this empty so that we know that this specific task doesn't have juror ticket. The other option is to have a new field that would be assigned by just either something like retryable or, I don't know. So that it will be true just for tasks that do not have juror tickets related. I feel like the latter seems more simple based on what the goal is, because because then you kind of decouple those two things from one another, like it being sourced from a Jira or not, versus just determining whether or not it should be retryable from the UI. I guess, yeah, I don't know. I think the latter makes more sense, but that's just like first thought. Or maybe if we want to be really fancy, we may Oh, we would have to, I was thinking like if we wanted to display these buttons, right, retry buttons somewhere here, it would either send a request to the API server in case there is no Jira for that particular task. Or if there is, it would contact Jira and switch the related Jira tickets to ready to retry. And can it be like, so yeah, as you were saying, so to put some attribute, but to add some attribute in the parameters, that's what we were saying, right? That we say that this one is like, has only apparent Jira ticket and not like, or something like that, right? That it's like, I don't know. And if that flag is not there, like, it should, we should consider it like false, in a sense. But I mean, like that, let's say, if it's a true false value, like, and it's called, I don't know, ticketless, issueless or whatever. So if it's not there, you will consider it to be like that. We have this Jira field here. And this Jira object in there has also a related ticket, right? And it's like, so you can have a new category of tickets like that, like, and it's the same, it will be the same, like, you will know, okay, it's the same. So yeah. Yeah, that's exactly what I was thinking about, that we have a categories of Jira tickets that are related to this task, right? It's a source, as you mentioned, and we have a new one, which will be something like, I don't know, operation ticket or something. There'll be a new source? No, but let me show you one example here. This is from production. We have a, let me open up my provision. Something like this. We have, you know, Jira object here, which says, related issues. And it has this related issue, and it belongs to a category, which is called source, because this related issue is kind of a source issue for that, because something that the Salesforce requested, something like a source for this provisioning, right? So we may have a another category, which will be called, I don't know, like an operation or something that would point to the SRE prof ticket, right? And if it's there, it means that the SRE prof for that task exists. If it's not there, it would mean that the task is Jira-less. Does it make sense? But let me think about that still. This is maybe a good idea. Well, like, I was just thinking, like, if, like, about how this would work if we had, you know, multiple types of, like, so Jira and Slack, like, being similar, like, would it, would it just be, like, would it behave the same way if, like, there were something the equivalent of Jira being Slack? Provided that, provided that the, the difference between, or the reason why we're talking about this is that we should know, or we need to know how to retry the task, right? If it has a Jira ticket, then we should switch the ticket. If it doesn't, then we should go ahead and use the endpoint on the API directly, right? So if the tickets that were submitted using Slack have their own way how to retry them, which I doubt, then we could have some, some kind of attribute that would allow us to do that. But I think that if, if we will be submitting tasks using Slack or a Sari bot or something, then they probably will be retried using the API directly, right? Using the, there is no reason why, sorry. Yeah, they'll be submitted via Slack, but I guess eventually it would be useful if Slack were able to retry, like, something that had failed after it did. Like in the same way, but, but I think like for the time being, like it being able to retry or stop, whatever from the UI, like that would be probably good enough. It would just like, eventually be nice to similarly be able to retry them from Slack in the same, in the same way. Yeah. Yeah. I think that there, there definitely is going to be a command for retrying a task in Slack and it will, you know, go ahead and contact the API endpoint for retrying the task. Yeah. Sorry if I got off track there, my bad. No, no. Okay. That's, that's, that's cool. I think that this is the end of the demo. Yeah. Anyway, that's nice. That's really cool. So there are still things missing, right? We should know how to submit the tasks, but what's next, right? We need to know how to either stop them, retry them, how to either stop them, retry them, how to switch this ticket to, or if we want to switch this ticket to something else than running. And yeah, that's probably it. And were we planning on, for example, like, I guess, to go back to this with switching to stop or retry providing that same control, like in the context of a single tasks, like, so it'd be useful in batch to be able to do from this view, but also if you were to click on that task, have like, you know, button, yeah. Like stop, retry, like maybe at the top, right there next to the logs or something. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. We can do, we can do that. In fact, this is definitely easier to implement than the mass retry. Yeah. Yes. That's, that's really cool. It's like, it's, it's, I think more and more the provisioning is like a bit fragile, I would say. It's


---


integration customer yeah this one so and after it does that long story short it stores it into the var file right it stores this user ll service users and the key it's like the username which is like an id and then the password and this was did not happen because like this some some others that before was was failing right it didn't store anything and now the next one is expecting to find that user but it doesn't find it and i and it errors out yeah this one so it gets a key error here in that case the previous step should have failed i think if it was unsuccessful storing the user the way it failed the first time because this was not working but this was not working because of this camel casing problem so this this method was not returning what it was supposed to in a sense so the account was created there was no problem so in the next run because it's trying to get by alias and it finds what this alias one account it doesn't execute the rest of it let's say because it returns there's the id here and it doesn't save the vars again doesn't try to get the password again because the password comes only if where was it there is another part which is like actually creating that i think this one this is this is not but this is not executing twice like it's because from here you could get the user and you could put for that username a password and see how it didn't leave us yeah i think that in this case if we know that but you know this is not a generic uh solution but if for this particular case if we know that the subsequent steps needs to have that uh you know username in the vars so maybe if we find that customer that it already exists that's what i'm trying to accomplish with louis right now and put it in the file you mean well but i hate editing that file i think that at least it should check that if the user exists right yeah uh it should check that it exists in vars as well ah that's what you mean yeah but then i don't know how you get the password because behind this and that's my problem now because behind this one in this create customers we are using this api right which is like an api provided by the living lens team and today i was asking them if they have a swagger page which they do but for example they have okay so it does it has this post like a request


---



Express-e686.131




Before DCR begins:
```
nodeCount: 0
enableSynchronizer: false
```


start HU  

```
nodeCount: 0  
enableSynchronizer: true
```

Start Farmers:  

```bash
nodeCount: 3  
enableSynchronizer: true
```


Take down farmers, leave sync node on:  

```bash
nodeCount: 0  
enableSynchronizer: true
```


Take down sync node:  

```bash
nodeCount: 0  
EnableSynchronizer: false
```


---


```
express.db.hose.NodeStateTransitions.getNodeStates().get('itruffattest-dcr-sync-0')
```


```
http://localhost:9100/.admin?cmd=forceCacheRebuild&CMD_CENTER_CSRF_TOKEN=&company=itruffattest&node=itruffattest-dcr-sync-0&force=Force+CR+on+next+boot
```
