---
id: 9
up: "[[2023-W43]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20231026000100
modified: 20231026233915
aliases:
  - Thursday - October 26th 2023
linter-yaml-title-alias: Thursday - October 26th 2023
title: Thursday - October 26th 2023
week: "[[2023-W43]]"
yearly: "[[2023]]"
quarterly: "[[2023-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2023-10]]"
daily: "[[2023-10-26]]"
month: "October"
weekday: Thursday
---

# Thursday - October 26th 2023

## Tasks

%% TCT_TEMPLATED_START 2023-10-26 00:00 %%
* Recurring Daily
    - [x] Meditate ✅2023-10-26
    - [x] Morning Gratitude ✅2023-10-26
* SRE Router ---
    - [x] Complete Design Document ✅N/A
        - [x] Process Feedback > Complete Design Document ✅2023-10-26  
%% TCT_TEMPLATED_END 2023-10-26 23:59 %%
* ? Did these tasks align to your Goals?

# Rollover

# Daily Notes


Like is it okay? Are you interested in what I'm advising you for or absolutely? I don't want you to be like I'm telling you things and you don't agree or whatever like Or you don't you're not interesting in the topics if I try to explain you something that's happening I don't know Python or whatever It's it's up to you. You can tell me what you want to Discuss and so on. Of course, we have our work to discuss but I'm saying like if If it's okay all the topics that I'm going through. Yeah. No, it's I think okay. ==I Like whatever feedback you have be it good or bad and I'll try my best to Take it and and do something constructive with it==. Okay? Yeah, because I'm giving you some feedback sometimes I'm telling you like for example, hey, don't jump into this like just create the issue and so on These are like kind of like how to ==How you should approach things which is kind of more mentorship== Let's say then this simply work like but if you if if you're okay with it, I can continue but if you were not like I would stop like That's why I'm asking. No, I I would like I would like to continue that.

---

Mypy
* Type hinting checks


[[2023-10-26 - Therapy Session]]




[[Reset Mac]]


---
