---
id: 9
up: "[[2024-W1]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240105000100
modified: 20240105131733
aliases:
  - Friday - January 5th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Friday - January 5th 2024
title: Friday - January 5th 2024
week: "[[2024-W1]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q1]]"
monthly: "[[2024-01]]"
daily: "[[2024-01-05]]"
month: "January"
weekday: Friday
---

# Friday - January 5th 2024






# Proposal For Optimizing Deployment Processes at Medallia

## Introduction

This proposal aims to address the challenges faced in maintaining synchronized changes across all DCR tenants in Medallia, especially regarding Helm chart definition updates without causing abrupt Distributed Cache Rebuilds (DCR).

## Problem Statement

The current process struggles to keep changes in sync across DCR tenants, particularly in updating the Helm chart definitions. This issue is compounded by the fact that changes often get lost when transitioning from `preprod` to `master` branches, leading to a lack of context and understanding regarding the changes made.

In addition to the challenges of maintaining synchronized changes across DCR tenants at Medallia, several other problems have been identified in the broader context, which are not specific to DCR but impact the overall deployment and operational efficiency.

1. **Fragmented Helm Chart Management:** The current system suffers from fragmented management of Helm charts, where changes are scattered across multiple locations (preprod, master, in both OCI and Colos, etc.). This fragmentation leads to significant challenges in tracking and implementing consistent changes.
2. **Loss of Context in Git Changes:** Due to the nature of how changes are propagated from preprod to master branches, there is a frequent loss of context and rationale behind specific changes. This loss makes it difficult to understand the reasons for certain updates, leading to potential misalignments and inefficiencies.
3. **Complexity in Multi-Tenancy Management:** The management of multiple ArgoCD applications for different tenants adds an additional layer of complexity. This complexity can lead to difficulties in deployment management, particularly when trying to maintain consistency across various environments.
4. **Inadequate Version Control and Traceability:** The current version control system does not fully support proper semantic versioning. This inadequacy leads to challenges in tracing back to specific changes and understanding the evolution of the deployment configurations over time.
5. **Lack of Automated Testing in Deployment Processes:** There is an absence of an automated testing framework that ensures the stability and reliability of changes before they are deployed. This lack can lead to the deployment of unstable or untested changes.
6. **Inconsistent Support for Helm in ArgoCD:** While ArgoCD does support Helm, there is a lack of consistent focus and support for Helm charts within the organization. This inconsistency can lead to challenges in deployments and updates.
7. **Dependency on Prod Deployer:** The current reliance on the prod deployer for deployment cycles introduces risks and inefficiencies. There is a need for a more streamlined and automated process to replace this dependency.
8. **Inefficiencies in Resource Management:** There are challenges in managing resources that are not yet standardized or fully supported by the operator. This situation requires a mechanism to handle both standard and non-standard k8s resources efficiently in the same place. This would also allow additional flavors of MEC to be tested by other teams before they are officially implemented by the express operator.
9. **Complex Deployment Logic:** The need to manage complex deployment logic, such as the sequencing of pod creation, deletion, etc adds to the deployment process's complexity. A more declarative approach to handle such complexities is needed.
10. **Diverse Deployment Environments:** The variations in deployment environments (Colos, OCI, GovCloud) add another layer of complexity, necessitating a unified approach to handle deployments across these diverse environments.

These identified problems highlight the need for a comprehensive solution that addresses not only the specific challenges with DCR tenant synchronization but also the broader issues impacting the deployment processes at Medallia.

## Proposed Solution

## Centralized Helm Chart Management

1. **Unified Repository for Helm Chart Artifacts:** Consolidate Helm chart management into a single repository. This repository will serve as the authoritative source for all Helm chart artifacts for DCR, and eventually MEC.
2. **Automated Syncing Across Environments:** Implement an automated process to sync Helm chart updates from the unified repository to the respective deployment environments (preprod, master, etc.). This process ensures that all environments are consistently updated with the latest changes.
3. **Test-Driven Deployment:** Establish a robust testing protocol where Helm chart artifacts are only updated after passing a series of predefined tests. This approach guarantees the stability and reliability of changes being deployed.
4. **Version Control and Traceability:** Adopt proper semantic versioning for Helm charts. This practice not only enhances traceability but also ensures that each version is immutable once published.

## Deployment Process Optimization

1. **ArgoCD Integration:** Utilize ArgoCD for deployment automation, leveraging its capabilities to pull Helm charts directly from the repository.
2. **Single ArgoCD Application Definition vs. Multiple Applications:** Explore the feasibility of using a single ArgoCD application definition to manage deployments, reducing complexity and potential for errors.
3. **Application Set and Go Templating:** Consider the use of Application Sets and Go templating for more dynamic and flexible deployment configurations.

## Benefits

- **Improved Synchronization:** Changes across all tenants remain in sync, reducing errors and inconsistencies.
- **Increased Efficiency:** A unified repository for Helm charts simplifies the process, making it easier to manage and deploy changes.
- **Enhanced Traceability and Accountability:** Clear versioning and change logs provide better insights into the deployment history and reasons for changes.
- **Robust Testing Protocol:** Ensures that only verified and tested changes are deployed, enhancing the overall stability of the system.

## Experimentation and Progress So Far

**JIRA Task:** [SREPROVNG-352 - Separate Helm Artifact From Deployment Repo - Medallia](https://jira.medallia.com/browse/SREPROVNG-352): This task tracks the ongoing efforts to separate the Helm artifact from the deployment repository, aiming to streamline the deployment process.

## Application Set and Test Tenants in Preprod

- **ApplicationSet Configuration:** [deployment/sre_dcr_customers_prod.yaml at preprod · Atlas/deployment](https://github.medallia.com/Atlas/deployment/blob/preprod/metadata/den/sre_dcr_customers_prod.yaml): This file outlines the ApplicationSet and test tenants in the preprod environment, providing a framework for how tenants are managed and deployed.

## Example of a Single Tenant

- **Tenant Values:** [deployment/values.yaml at preprod · Atlas/deployment](https://github.medallia.com/Atlas/deployment/blob/preprod/apps/dcr/customers/prod/eraunertest2/values.yaml): This document presents the specific values and configurations for a single tenant, demonstrating how individual tenant settings contain values for each Application Instance.
- **Tenant Deployment Configuration:** [deployment/apps/dcr/customers/prod at preprod · Atlas/deployment](https://github.medallia.com/Atlas/deployment/tree/preprod/apps/dcr/customers/prod): It provides detailed insights into the deployment configurations for a single DCR tenant.

## Helm Chart Experimentation

- **Helm Chart Repository:** [test-helm/apps at main · erauner/test-helm](https://github.medallia.com/erauner/test-helm/tree/main/apps): This repository contains the experimental Helm charts, serving as a testing ground for new deployment strategy.
- **Artifact Location:** [Virtual Helm DCR - Artifactory](https://artifactory.eng.medallia.com/ui/native/virtual-helm/dcr/): The artifacts created during the experimentation are stored here, providing a centralized location for Helm chart artifacts.

## Pending Approval for PRs

- **Repository Addition to DCR Project:** [Add repository to dcr project by erauner · Pull Request #1495 · Atlas/deployment-security](https://github.medallia.com/Atlas/deployment-security/pull/1495/files): A pull request proposing the addition of a new repository to the DCR project (Helm Repo).
- **Testing** **External Helm Chart Usage:** [Use external helm chart by erauner · Pull Request #52914 · Atlas/deployment](https://github.medallia.com/Atlas/deployment/pull/52914/files).

## Conclusion

The proposed solution aims to streamline the deployment process at Medallia, specifically targeting the challenges with Helm chart management and synchronization across different environments. By centralizing the Helm chart repository, adopting a test-driven approach, and optimizing the deployment process with ArgoCD, we can achieve a more efficient, traceable, and stable deployment system.

## Next Steps

1. **Document Compilation:** Start compiling discussions and potential solutions into a comprehensive document for better tracking and planning (This is the document).
2. **Testing in Alternate Environments:** Conduct tests in environments like Montreal (YUL1) to validate the proposed changes without affecting core operations.
3. **Stakeholder Engagement:** Engage relevant teams for discussions on integrating and supporting application sets, Helm chart repositories, and ArgoCD.
