---
up: "[[2024-W44]]"
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - cards
  - cards-cols-1
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20241101012752
modified: 2024-11-02T18:18:32-05:00
aliases:
  - Saturday - November 2nd 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Saturday - November 2nd 2024
title: Saturday - November 2nd 2024
id: 10
week: "[[2024-W44]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2024-11]]"
daily: "[[2024-11-02]]"
month: November
weekday: Saturday
---

# Saturday - November 2nd 2024

## Memos Personal

## Memos Work

## Working On

test

---

I think you should start using Drafts as leverage for creating various types of content - whether it's a to-do, note, Obsidian note, or whatever you want. Everything can be bound to a particular note as long as wherever you're creating that content links back to the draft. This makes the draft the anchor point, and it never leaves.

It's not important to keep track of everything, it just is what it is. Drafts is a good place for this because it's almost always where the inception of the thought begins, before it gets anywhere like Obsidian. Right now, for example, I'm putting it directly into Memos, but I'm not sure about that.

I do think Drafts should be the place of capture for everything, as long as you trust that you can immediately put it where you want it to be.

ok

[[Nofsfsadfad]]


[Nofsfsadfad](obsidian://adv-uri?vault=main&uid=65ba9aac-f2a5-4449-b917-141f54dd7379)






Test




Trigger DCR for login5

https://medallia.slack.com/archives/G8YR81G49/p1730500731226229?thread_ts=1730489162.940709&channel=G8YR81G49&message_ts=1730500731.226229

---

---


I think something I want to do is create a comprehensive input menu, easy to access in drafts. For example, whenever I have a thought, something I need to do, or just want to journal this menu could capture it all easily.

This idea aligns with everything starting in drafts. If something needs a link elsewhere, it should originate in drafts. One should be able to select multiple options like creating tasks, notes, or both at once, or even choosing none of them if.

It would be helpful to have dedicated sections in drafts for creating specific entries, such as tasks, notes, or to-do lists. If one wants to create a combination of things, it can be cumbersome to link back and forth between drafts. Having the to create them simultaneously or individually from the beginning would be more efficient.

Creating both a task and a note simultaneously be a popular choice. Both entries should have bidirectional links back to drafts and each other if desired. Using drafts as a central hub simplifies the process, eliminating the need to scatter metadata across different places. Centralizing metadata within drafts under specific headings would streamline the organization.
