---
id: 9
up: "[[2024-W2]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240114000100
modified: 20240115000100
aliases:
  - Sunday - January 14th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Sunday - January 14th 2024
title: Sunday - January 14th 2024
week: "[[2024-W2]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q1]]"
monthly: "[[2024-01]]"
daily: "[[2024-01-14]]"
month: "January"
weekday: Sunday
---

# Sunday - January 14th 2024





**Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD):** The conversation begins with an explanation of CI and CD in software development. CI involves making changes to code in a Git repository, and when you want to deploy it, an image is created. CD, on the other hand, focuses on the process of moving code from development to staging and then production environments while ensuring a non-disruptive deployment.
- Understand the concepts of CI and CD in software development, as they are crucial for modern software engineering practices.

**Scripting:** The friends discuss scripting, which involves writing code to perform specific tasks, often in an automated way. They mention using scripting languages like Bash, PowerShell, and Python for different purposes, such as server management, automation, and data manipulation.
- Understand how to apply your knowledge of scripting for web app to scripting away annoying things that makes processes easier.

**Orchestration with Kubernetes:** Kubernetes is introduced as a tool for orchestrating containers and managing resources for applications. It allows you to scale applications, allocate resources, and manage configurations.
- Familiarize yourself with Kubernetes and its capabilities, especially if you are interested in container orchestration and resource management.

The friends discuss interview strategies for an entry-level role in deployment engineering. They emphasize the importance of showing curiosity, being easy to converse with, and asking good questions about the company's processes and work culture.
- When preparing for an interview, focus on demonstrating your interest in the role, your ability to learn, and your willingness to collaborate with others.

**Networking and Communication Skills:** The conversation highlights the significance of being a good communicator and building positive relationships with colleagues in the tech industry.
- Work on your communication skills and interpersonal abilities, as they are essential in a professional setting.
