---
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags: []
cssclasses: 
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Default]]"
created: 20240718000100
modified: 20240719112916
aliases:
  - Thursday - July 18th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Thursday - July 18th 2024
title: Thursday - July 18th 2024
---
---
id: 76712116

up: "[[2024-W29]]"  
description: ""  
publish: false  
starred: false  
status: ""  
type: note  
tags:

- periodic/daily  
    cssclasses:
- "cards"
- "cards-cols-1"  
    obsidianUIMode: source  
    obsidianEditingMode: live  
    template: "[[Daily]]"  
    created: 20240718090729  
    modified: 20240718091032  
    aliases: [Thursday - July 18th 2024]  
    linter-yaml-title-alias: Thursday - July 18th 2024  
    title: Thursday - July 18th 2024  
    id: 10  
    week: "[[2024-W29]]"  
    yearly: "[[2024]]"  
    quarterly: "[[2024-Q3]]"  
    monthly: "[[2024-07]]"  
    daily: "[[2024-07-18]]"  
    month: "July"  
    weekday: Thursday

# Thursday - July 18th 2024

Maybe it's a… Yeah, I don't know if he does. I mean, I would assume that he, like, has to know some… I mean, actually, that's not true. I've told him exactly, like, how I plan on doing all this. I'm not trying to make it a… a… something to hide. Like… I've only been slowly, like, letting Larry know, because I don't want to… like… I don't know, I don't want to… completely, like, rain on his parade. I'm just trying to, like, slowly show, like, this is what we have. But with Murtaza, like, in DCR, I've just been saying, like, I'm just going to do what we're doing with DCR with more. So, I don't know, like… Yeah. Oh, yeah. I will talk with Bersami. With Benka today. I will talk to Benka today. So that we can align this with the whole GAN. You know, because I feel like Ese needs to know this. But he's not in the meeting because Benka doesn't want to add him yet. But, yeah, I believe that Ese should be there as well, because the…




[Introduce Configurable Deployment Timeouts by erauner · Pull Request #578 · medallia/provisioning-ng](https://github.medallia.com/medallia/provisioning-ng/pull/578#discussion_r693541)
