---
id: 9
up: "[[2024-W3]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240117000100
modified: 20240118081742
aliases:
  - Wednesday - January 17th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Wednesday - January 17th 2024
title: Wednesday - January 17th 2024
week: "[[2024-W3]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q1]]"
monthly: "[[2024-01]]"
daily: "[[2024-01-17]]"
month: "January"
weekday: Wednesday
---

# Wednesday - January 17th 2024


# **Proposal For Optimizing Deployment Processes**


## **Introduction**

This proposal aims to address the challenges faced in maintaining synchronized changes across all DCR tenants in Medallia, especially regarding Helm chart definition updates without causing abrupt Distributed Cache Rebuilds (DCR).


## **Problem Statement**

The current process struggles to keep changes in sync across DCR tenants, particularly in updating the Helm chart definitions. This issue is compounded by the fact that changes often get lost when transitioning from `preprod` to `master` branches or from **deployment** to **cloud deployment** for example, leading to a lack of context and understanding regarding the changes made.

In addition to the challenges of maintaining synchronized changes across DCR tenants at Medallia, several other problems have been identified in the broader context, which are not specific to DCR but impact the overall deployment and operational efficiency.



1. **Fragmented Helm Chart Management:** The current system suffers from fragmented management of Helm charts definitions, where changes are scattered across multiple repos and branches (preprod, master, in both OCI and Colos, etc.). This fragmentation leads to significant challenges in tracking and implementing consistent changes.
2. **Loss of Context in Git Changes:** Due to the nature of how changes are propagated from preprod to master branches, there is a frequent loss of context and rationale behind specific changes. This loss makes it difficult to understand the reasons for certain updates, leading to potential misalignments and inefficiencies.
3. **Complexity in Multi-Tenancy Management:** The management of multiple ArgoCD application file (s) for different tenants adds an additional layer of unnecessary complexity. This complexity can lead to difficulties in deployment management, particularly when trying to maintain an easily controllable consistency across various customers/tenants.
4. **Inadequate Version Control and Traceability:** The current version control system does not fully support proper semantic versioning for the definition. This inadequacy leads to challenges in tracing back to specific changes and understanding the evolution of the deployment definition configurations over time. This makes it difficult to properly iterate.
5. **Lack of Integration Testing in Deployment Processes:** There is an absence of an Integration testing framework that ensures the stability and reliability of changes before they are deployed to MEC clusters. This lack can lead to the deployment of unstable or untested changes. Having a dedicated repository could provide us with a place to test changes against a given set of test tenants before producing an artifact to be be picked up by production tenants.
6. **Inconsistent Support for Helm in ArgoCD:** While ArgoCD does support Helm, there is a lack of consistent focus and support for Helm charts within the organization. Which is why a separate repository could be useful for testing/making changes.
7. **Inefficiencies in Resource Management:** There are challenges in managing resources that are not yet standardized or fully supported by the operator. This situation requires a mechanism to handle both standard and non-standard k8s resources efficiently in the same place without needing a spec to be implemented by the operator as a prerequisite (ex: DCR, Survey Engine, Broadcaster, etc).
    1. This would also allow additional flavors of MEC to be tested by other teams before the same changes are officially implemented by the express operator. This would help speed up the development process of something like DCR, for example.
    2. A distributable artifact, such as a Helm chart, Git tag, or commit, is a vehicle to consolidate the definition of a combination of standard Kubernetes resources (ex: STS) and Express operator resources (Frontend, Backend, etc) in the same place. This way, we can create a process for moving what might be initially a standard resource to an express operator managed resource, if it makes sense to.
8. **Diverse Deployment Environments:** The variations in deployment environments (Colos, OCI, GovCloud) add another layer of complexity, necessitating a unified approach to handle deployments across these diverse environments. What commonality can we create between all these different environments and location (s).
9. **Complex Deployment Logic:** The need to manage complex deployment logic, such as the sequencing of pod creation and deletion, adds to the complexity of the deployment process. A more declarative method of supplying the values for each customer, which optionally leverages something like the express operator to handle such complexities, is necessary. The proposed method favors a GitOps-based approach using standard tools such as GitHub and ArgoCD.

These identified problems highlight the need for a comprehensive solution that addresses not only the specific challenges with DCR tenants but also the broader issues impacting the deployment processes at Medallia.


## **Proposed Solution**


## **Centralized Helm Chart Management**



1. **Unified Repository for Helm Chart Artifacts:** Consolidate Helm chart management into a single repository. This repository will serve as the authoritative source for all changes to the Helm chart for DCR.
2. **Version Control and Traceability:** Adopt proper semantic versioning for Helm charts. This practice not only enhances traceability but also ensures that each version is **immutable** once published.
3. **Test-Driven Deployment:** Establish a robust testing protocol where all updates to the Helm chart definition are only updated after passing a series of predefined tests. This approach guarantees the stability and reliability of changes being deployed.
4. **Automated Syncing Across Environments:** The plan would be to eventually supplement this flow by implementing an automated process to synchronize Helm chart updates from the unified repository to the respective deployment environments (preprod, master, cloud, colos etc.). This process ensures that all environments are consistently updated with the latest changes.


## **Deployment Dependencies**



1. **ArgoCD Integration:** Utilize ArgoCD for deployment automation, leveraging its capabilities to pull new versions of the chart directly from a centralized repository.
2. **Centralized Repository**: A repository to centralize all changes to a chart definition.
3. **Single ArgoCD Application Definition vs. Multiple Applications:** Explore the feasibility of using a single ArgoCD ApplicationSet definition to manage deployments, reducing complexity and redundancy.
    1. **Go Templating:** Use of Application Sets and Go templating for more dynamic and flexible deployment configurations. Less redundant configuration necessary.


## **Benefits**



* **Increased Efficiency:** A unified repository for Helm charts simplifies the process, making it easier to manage and deploy changes. It is much easier to test new changes and iterate.
* **Enhanced Traceability and Accountability:** Clear versioning and change logs provide better insights into the deployment history and reasons for changes. Each change to the Helm chart should have its own immutable change history centralized somewhere for tracking purposes.
* **Robust Testing Protocol:** Ensures that only verified and tested changes are deployed.
* **Improved Synchronization**: Changes across all tenants remain in sync.


## Experimentation Progress

**JIRA Task:**[SREPROVNG-352 - Separate Helm Artifact From Deployment Repo - Medallia](https://jira.medallia.com/browse/SREPROVNG-352): This task tracks the ongoing efforts to separate the Helm artifact from the deployment repository, aiming to streamline the deployment process.


### Application Set and Test Tenants

Follow this to see how all of this was tested:  
[ReadMe](https://github.medallia.com/gist/erauner/9f6f7c55987f13a0c14c66da0aa3a55d)


* **ApplicationSet Configuration:**[YUL1 Appset Test YAML](https://github.medallia.com/Atlas/deployment/blob/preprod/metadata/den/sre_dcr_customers_prod.yaml): This file outlines the ApplicationSet and test tenants in the YUL1 environment, providing a framework for how tenants are managed and deployed via ApplicationSet using:
    * Git Repo + Tag/Release
    * Helm chart artifact (could not test in `yul1`)

**Example of a Single Tenant**

* **Tenant Values:**[deployment/values.yaml at master · Atlas/deployment](https://github.medallia.com/Atlas/deployment/blob/preprod/apps/dcr/customers/prod/eraunertest2/values.yaml): This document presents the specific values and configurations for a single tenant, demonstrating how individual tenant settings contain values for each Application Instance.


### Repo Reference





* **Helm Chart Repository:**[test-helm/apps at main · erauner/test-helm](https://github.medallia.com/erauner/test-helm/tree/main/apps): This repository contains the experimental Helm charts, serving as a testing ground for new deployment strategy.
* **Output Location**: The output created during the experimentation are stored here, providing a centralized location for either method:
    * Git Tag + Release: [Releases · erauner/test-helm](https://github.medallia.com/erauner/test-helm/releases)
    * Helm Chart Artifact: [Virtual Helm DCR - Artifactory](https://artifactory.eng.medallia.com/ui/native/virtual-helm/dcr/)


### Related PRs



* **Repository Addition to DCR Project:**[Add repositories to dcr project by erauner · Pull Request #1536 · Atlas/deployment-security](https://github.medallia.com/Atlas/deployment-security/pull/1495/files): A pull request proposing the addition of new source repositories to the DCR project.


## Conclusion

The proposed solution aims to streamline the deployment process of DCR at Medallia, specifically targeting the challenges with Helm chart management and synchronization across different environments. By centralizing the Helm chart repository, adopting a test-driven approach, and optimizing the deployment process with ArgoCD, we can achieve a more efficient, traceable, and stable deployment system.


## Next Steps


1. **Document Compilation:** Start compiling discussions and potential solutions into a comprehensive document for better tracking and planning (This is the document).
2. **Testing in Alternate Environments:** Conduct tests in environments like Montreal (YUL1) to validate the proposed changes without affecting core operations.
3. **Stakeholder Engagement:** Engage relevant teams for discussions on integrating and supporting ApplicationSets, Helm chart repositories, and ArgoCD.
