---
id: 9
up: "[[2024-W4]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240124000100
modified: 20240125000100
aliases:
  - Wednesday - January 24th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Wednesday - January 24th 2024
title: Wednesday - January 24th 2024
week: "[[2024-W4]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q1]]"
monthly: "[[2024-01]]"
daily: "[[2024-01-24]]"
month: "January"
weekday: Wednesday
---

# Wednesday - January 24th 2024




---

Thank you for highlighting your concerns regarding the scope of [SREPROVNG-352](https://jira.medallia.com/browse/SREPROVNG-352) and its alignment with the effort. I appreciate your point about the potential extended scope when considering the integration of an external Helm repo with ApplicationSets. I wanted to mention a few things about this.

You're correct that the focus of [SREPROVNG-352](https://jira.medallia.com/browse/SREPROVNG-352) could be achieved by centralizing the source for Helm charts. However (unless I am missing something), the limitation we face with our current version of ArgoCD (pre-2.6) restricts our ability to effectively: Externalize the helm chart and Keep the values for each tenant where they are in the deployment repos. In order to accomplish this with the current ArgoCD `Application` resource strategy we have, we would need to be utilizing multiple source repositories for each application instance.

Upgrading ArgoCD to a version that supports this feature is an option, but unfortunately the feature is still in beta and may not provide the stability we require. See documentation on that here: [Multiple Sources for an Application - Argo CD - Declarative GitOps CD for Kubernetes](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user-guide/multiple_sources/#helm-value-files-from-external-git-repository)

The approach of using ApplicationSets and Go templating, while it may seem more complex initially, offers a more robust and flexible solution. It allows us to manage multiple customers efficiently and ensure that the Helm chart artifact is externalized properly, keeping the values in the deployment repo. Even if we were on the aforementioned version of ArgoCD, I still think this is the more elegant approach.

Let me know if you are aware of any other way to properly externalize the Helm chart artifact in this way (while keeping the values themselves in the deployment repo) using just ArgoCD ﻿`Application` k8s resources. Based on what I have experimented with so far, these are the only two ways.

As for support from other teams, concerning the CIF team and other stakeholders, the implementation of ApplicationSets will necessitate some setup changes. I'm curious about what this would involve?

Infrastructure Adjustments? Ensuring that the infrastructure can support ApplicationSets, which may involve updates or configurations in our Kubernetes environment (seems we are on a version that supports it).

Testing Framework Enhancements? Strengthening our Kyverno testing to accommodate the new setup, ensuring that all deployments via ApplicationSets meet our standards.

Am I missing anything else?


…




---

I agree with the need for organizational alignment in supporting Helm, and I appreciate your perspective on the necessity for dedicated time and resources from various teams. Indeed, establishing such alignment is a key goal for the long term.

However, in the interim, I propose a more hybrid approach as a starting point. Specifically, I suggest that the repository initially contains only a select set of charts, particularly different flavors of the express image, specifically DCR. Given the size and complexity of express, it appears to be the most suitable candidate for externalization at this stage.

In terms of support at this stage, by limiting the scope of Helm support initially to specific `targetRevision` patterns that align with what is produced by the dedicated express helm repository (i.e., git tags), we can create a controlled environment for experimentation. I believe this would allow us to establish a dedicated Helm repository for DCR and start reaping the immediate benefits. It provides a practical testing ground without waiting for a comprehensive organizational shift.

This approach aims to strike a balance between immediate functional needs and the broader goal of wider Helm adoption within the organization. It would enable us to progressively build the case for Helm, demonstrating its utility and encouraging wider support as we evolve.

Let's consider this as a stepping stone, allowing us to move forward effectively while we work towards the larger objective of organization-wide support for Helm.
