---
up: "[[2024-W21]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240524000100
modified: 20240524174957
aliases:
  - Friday - May 24th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Friday - May 24th 2024
title: Friday - May 24th 2024
id: 10
week: "[[2024-W21]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q2]]"
monthly: "[[2024-05]]"
daily: "[[2024-05-24]]"
month: "May"
weekday: Friday
---

# Friday - May 24th 2024

To ensure that DCR is always using the latest helm chart version when provisioning an Express cluster, we need to modify the instance configure step. Currently, the helm chart version is manually specified in the ArgoCD application file for each DCR instance when it is first provisioned, which requires manual updates to keep all instances up to date. This update has been with a script in batch, which is annoying to have to do and can result in bringing up a cluster on an older version of the chart.

The proposed solution is to automatically update the helm chart version in the DCR application metadata file during the provisioning process. This will be achieved by modifying the `StepDCRInstanceConfigure` step in `step_dcr_farm_instance_configure.py`.

Changes:

- Retrieve the latest DCR helm chart version from the configuration repository: `configuration/templates/sre-provisioning-provisioner/var/provision/config/mec/platform.yaml`
- Update the `_create_dcr_application_metadata_file` method to use the latest helm chart version when generating the application metadata file.
- Modify the `perform` method to always update the application metadata file, regardless of whether the ArgoCD application already exists or not.

Criteria for Success:

- Every time DCR provisioning runs, the Express cluster should be brought up using the latest DCR helm chart version specified in the configuration repository.
- The ArgoCD application file for each DCR instance (e.g., `deployment/metadata/sc4/sre_dcr_banorte_prod.yaml`) should automatically point to the latest helm chart version without requiring manual updates.
- The provisioning process should complete successfully, and the DCR instances should function as expected with the latest helm chart version.

By implementing this change, we can ensure that DCR is always using the latest helm chart version across all instances, without the need for manual updates. This improves the maintainability and consistency of our DCR deployments.
