---
up: "[[2024-W44]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20241030175743
modified: 20241030180747
aliases:
  - Friday - November 1st 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Friday - November 1st 2024
title: Friday - November 1st 2024
id: 10
week: "[[2024-W44]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q4]]"
monthly: "[[2024-11]]"
daily: "[[2024-11-01]]"
month: "November"
weekday: Friday
---

# Friday - November 1st 2024

## Memos Personal

## Memos Work

## Working On

I recently introduced a hackathon project. Essentially, I modified the express.yaml file. Previously, each frontend was its own StatefulSet with a single pod. Now, we aim to demonstrate that we can create a single StatefulSet for all frontends.

To clarify, we were using the express operator, which generated an object called a frontend. This object was effectively a StatefulSet with a single pod, representing the frontend node. Now, I am using a standard StatefulSet, which provides us with frontend pods. The StatefulSet itself controls these pods.

I also introduced a configuration called dynamic frontend service, which the dynamic nodes use to communicate with the rest of the cluster. This setup seems to be working well so far. However, the ingress configuration—both internal and external—is still set up to work with the previous frontends. I don't think it currently points to the StatefulSet pods as it should.

I would like your help adjusting the ingress configuration and the service definition, if necessary, to ensure that the pods we are creating within a single StatefulSet can be accessed behind the load balancer.

…

for context, here are the current pods/services (classic frontends and dynamic) because they will need to operate alongside one another

…

We started this process, and with the current configuration you’re seeing, I have been able to obtain the IP address of the dynamic front end behind the same service as the other front-end servers. However, I am having trouble finding the expected IP addresses in the NetScaler configuration. They do not appear to be bound. I’m unsure if this indicates an issue with my ingress configuration. After integrating it into the same service, I expected it to be bound like the other front-end nodes.
