---
id: 9
up: "[[2024-W10]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240308090818
modified: 20240308133203
aliases:
  - Friday - March 8th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Friday - March 8th 2024
title: Friday - March 8th 2024
week: "[[2024-W10]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q1]]"
monthly: "[[2024-03]]"
daily: "[[2024-03-08]]"
month: "March"
weekday: Friday
---

# Friday - March 8th 2024





## Volume Failure in Staging Step

**Issue Identification:**  
If the staging step fails and logs indicate errors similar to the following, related to volume mounting issues:

```
MountVolume.SetUp failed for volume "volume-1": mount failed: exit status 32
Mounting command: mount
Mounting arguments: -t nfs 10.63.12.14:/sharedworkdir/reddyice /var/lib/container-runtime/kubelet/pods/a12ddf68-1013-459a-aa6f-9b9fad11f8c6/volumes/kubernetes.io~nfs/volume-1
Output: mount.nfs.original: mounting 10.63.12.14:/sharedworkdir/reddyice failed, reason given by server: No such file or directory
```

**Troubleshooting Steps:**

1. **Data Center Verification:**
   - Verify the data center (DC) where the instance is being provisioned. Identify if the DC has multiple NFS (Network File System) locations, for example, `sc4` and `sea1`. This information is crucial for determining the correct NFS configuration.

2. **Cluster Configuration Check:**
   - Access the cluster configuration XML file specific to the DC identified in step 1. Review the NFS configuration to understand which NFS share the cluster is attempting to use.  
     Example configuration file URL: [clusterconfig-sea1/reddyice.xml](https://github.medallia.com/DeployerConfig/clusterconfig-sea1/blob/master/reddyice.xml)
     - Look for the `<nfs>` tag within the XML file. The `mountPoint` and `share` attributes provide details on the NFS share configured for use.

 ```xml
 <nfs mountPoint="/express/workdir/shared" share="10.63.12.14://sharedworkdir2/reddyice" />
 ```

1. **NFS Configuration Adjustment:**
   - If the NFS share identified in the cluster configuration does not match the NFS path indicated in the error log, coordination with the SRE team (configuration) the CUBE team (deployment) is necessary to adjust the NFS configuration per tenant
   - Request an NFS override or an update to the NFS configuration to reflect the correct NFS share. Provide the SRE/CUBE team with the necessary details, including the correct NFS path and the cluster configuration that needs adjustment.

2. **Follow-up Actions:**
   - Monitor the changes submitted by the SRE/CUBE team to ensure they address the staging step issue. Use the following pull requests as reference for the actions taken to adjust NFS configurations:
     - Example of adding per-tenant NFS overrides: [Adding per tenant nfs overrides to new prov in sea1](https://github.medallia.com/medallia/configuration/pull/21348/files)
     - Example of deployment. Yaml update in SEA1: [Update deployment.yaml in SEA1](https://github.medallia.com/Atlas/deployment/pull/59041/files)
