---
up: "[[2024-W27]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240707000100
modified: 20240708000100
aliases: [Sunday 2024]
linter-yaml-title-alias: Sunday 2024
title: Sunday 2024
id: 10
week: "[[2024-W27]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q3]]"
monthly: "[[2024-07]]"
daily: "[[2024-07-07]]"
month: "July"
weekday: Sunday
---

# Sunday 2024





## Sections

1. **Inbox**: New tasks or ideas that need to be triaged.
2. **Next Actions**: Tasks that are ready to be worked on next.
3. **Waiting For**: Tasks that are on hold, waiting for input or action from others.
4. **Someday**: Tasks that are not immediately actionable but may be revisited in the future.

## Labels Transition Representing Stages

1. **@backlog**: Tasks that need to be done but not immediately.
2. **@ready**: Tasks that are ready to be worked on next.
3. @waiting Task that are need to wait for now

## Rules for Label-based Stages to Sections

### 1. **Inbox To Next Actions**
- **Trigger**: When a task is added to the Inbox and labeled `@ready`.
- **Action**: Move the task to the "Next Actions" section.
### 2. **Next Actions to Waiting For**
- **Trigger**: When a task in the "Next Actions" section is labeled `@waiting`.
- **Action**: Move the task to the "Waiting For" section.
### 3. **Next Actions to Someday**
- **Trigger**: When a task in the "Next Actions" section is labeled `@someday`.
- **Action**: Move the task to the "Someday/Maybe" section.
## Workflow Management with Labels and Sections

1. **Daily Review**: Regularly review your Inbox and apply the appropriate labels (`@ready`, `@waiting`, `@someday`, etc.) to tasks.
2. **Task Progression**: As tasks progress, update their labels to reflect their current stage.
3. **Automation**: Use AutoDoist to automate moving tasks between sections based on their labels.

## Example Setup in Todoist

### Sections

- **Inbox**
  - New task
  - Another new task
- **Next Actions**
  - Task A @next_action
  - Task B @next_action
- **Waiting For**
  - Task C
- **Someday**
  - Task D
