---
up: "[[2024-W33]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240526134217
modified: 20240813063300
aliases:
  - Monday - August 12th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Monday - August 12th 2024
title: Monday - August 12th 2024
id: 10
week: "[[2024-W33]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q3]]"
monthly: "[[2024-08]]"
daily: "[[2024-08-12]]"
month: "August"
weekday: Monday
---

# Monday - August 12th 2024

Need to pull

---

New cluster:

---

Use  
`varsamisktest`

Need an argocd application

- Turn off the sync

---

Here's a refined response:

---

---

What is not mentioned here is that the value of Helm charts/values files lies in their ability to declare inputs and generate manifests in a specific way, allowing us to define the desired state of the application declaratively.

If done right, when we update the `values.yaml` files, we avoid issuing error-prone commands to achieve a particular state. Which reduces the manual tracking of operations and the need for explicit instructions (i.e. Murtaza asking L1 to perform the same set of actions to L1 over and over again in various slack threads), which still often leads to inconsistencies/error.

It lets us focus on the "what" rather than the "how." We declare the desired inputs and then render the manifests accordingly. The logic embedded in the templates is consistently applied across all instances, with the operator processing these inputs in a specific way.

Since the entire desired state is captured in the templates and `values.yaml` files, we can easily track/audit changes to the state of the cluster. Which is more challenging with imperative commands, where each step must be manually reversed or adjusted. Helm/kustomize can help us to define the end state we want while automatically (with help of the operator) handling the underlying mechanics to get there.

Though I suppose until we simplify the MEC deployment, finding a balance between declarative and imperative might be the way to go.
