---
up: "[[2024-W20]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240515000100
modified: 20240526134050
aliases:
  - Wednesday - May 15th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Wednesday - May 15th 2024
title: Wednesday - May 15th 2024
id: 10
week: "[[2024-W20]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q2]]"
monthly: "[[2024-05]]"
daily: "[[2024-05-15]]"
month: "May"
weekday: Wednesday
---

# Wednesday - May 15th 2024

https://medallia.slack.com/archives/C022XV98JH4/p1715796424259429?thread_ts=1715791867.701189&cid=C022XV98JH4

rules that we define and then automatically open the executing channel. Oh, well, but there's still many things that are not ready with that, right? So one thing that is not ready is the SRE bot part. Jobin and the guys were working on that. I will have an update tomorrow morning where it stands, but he sent me a message that they're ready to deploy the production. So there will be an endpoint and expected payload and then whenever this reporting rule alert happens, meaning, I don't know, like, if you'll get to the issue, Adam can elaborate more on that, and then we obviously, I mean, we have 100% certainty knowing that this is an issue. We should open an incident, we should invite, you know, IRT, and we should, like, post the message saying, hey, this field causes trouble, this is the server ID, blah, blah, blah. So that's the first scenario where I would be, because right now, we are spending efforts doing exactly that when there is no job for us to do. Just opening, open the channel, invite the people, give them a message, that's it. We want this to be open. I see, I see. So I guess, so the reason I bring this up is because I created a use case for addressing unplanned GC alerts specifically, right? Because by the time that we get to the point that we're creating an incident channel, shit has already hit the fan, so to say. So to avoid the shit hitting the fan in the first place, to address that alert, that before it's been hit, is what I'm wondering. Because I guess, if we're providing, like, if the action is something as simple as, like, okay, alert via Slack, which is kind of happening now, right, because that's what Alert Manager does, but provide a button so that we can make a decision as to whether or not we want to take that action, which is more often than not going to be bouncing a node or adjusting the heat. Providing one of these two options every time this thing happens would prevent the bullshit that would require an SRE bot channel in the first place. So I'm wondering if this would be a good place to start as well, like, in tandem. The question is whether… I don't see why we can't, right? I mean, it's good to have both parallel tracks if they can, I mean, if you can get both done. But the unplanned GCs will take a lot more fine-tuning and a lot more of, like, catching issues and stuff like that. The opening Slack channels is much more like a straightforward, safer way of seeing how the SRE router is going to take actions and what issues we hit with it and stuff like that. I don't know if unplanned GCs can be completely automated yet. We need to still be triggering the changes or the actions on a human's notification rather than an automation taking the action. Yeah, like, I don't want it to take the action. In this case, what I really want it to do is to provide us a context in which we make the decision as to whether or not we take the action or dismiss the action. Because that's what we're doing right now inside of SRE Express Alerts channel. We just don't have a button. Oh, sorry. The button would just, would maybe initially, right, just launch the Slack integration that you all showed earlier? I mean, for a bounce node or a resize, right? It could just pop up that same prompt in Slack and have us fill in the details and then go from there, right? Maybe some of them are pre-populated based on unplanned GC details or whatever, but… Yeah, it wouldn't fill in the details. It would, ideally, if we already knew all the information, the button would just do the thing. Or we would choose to dismiss it, which… So say we have an unplanned GC on one node for the cluster, but we figure we need to resize all the nodes. We don't want it to just resize one node, right? So there would have to be some… It knows the cluster. I guess that's where I expect to be maybe prompted for like, what do you really want to do here versus what's alerting? Yeah, it's like, I mean, the input that we would be given is the cluster, the node, the this and the that. But what we decide to do with that input would be up to us, be it bouncing that node or be it adjusting that heap. But I'm saying… I think, Evan, if you are able to provide a button or whatever for the whole cluster, pre-filled with the recommendations from census, it might be really helpful. Yeah, but I think eventually the goal is to make this do it automatically, but we need to gain that trust first in our own selves, not the automation, the ourselves. So I'm wondering, this would be the low-hanging fruit to accomplish, I think. Let's try working on that, Evan. Let's see how that comes up and then we can start discussing more on these meetings and get some use cases and we can try it and test it and then give you more feedback and then take it from there. I mean, I get what Yuri is getting at, conscious resizing it for us as well, like the tool itself looking at conscious values, updating everything and then the numbers or let's get the alerts and the action we want to take. We can stop at that and then take it forward manually like we did today, but at least we'll get more data points into the SRE router and the actions that it decides for us. Okay, gotcha. Did I miss something that you talked about with conscious? Because I think, well, conscious, because I think, well, sorry, is it still echoing? It's still echoing, yeah. No, so with conscious, what we were saying is that we need the tool itself to also maybe resize based on what conscious is telling us to do, right? So right now what we have to do is we will be looking at conscious values and then making the changes manually. So maybe the automation itself can look at conscious values, make those changes and proceed with the NOP deployment or the restart. But really though, we need something to trigger, we need an alert. We need an alert to see something such as a spike and then tell us and then it will adjust with the conscious values. The conscious values aren't telling us when and why we need to do it. The spike would be telling us that. The unplanned GC is the alert. Well, either the unplanned GCs or a different alert. There's a different alert that I noted that I made back in the day. We took it apart because it was kind of probably too early, but this is basically indicating as a spike before the unplanned GC would be happening. But the unplanned GC is like the last, this is a last moment before shit hits the fan that we know that. But we can identify via these spikes that are happening hours before the unplanned GC when to adjust the heap. We can identify that via an alert. Like I had an alert written and we just disabled it. So it's in git history. But for now, we need to use the unplanned GC alerts as the alerting to this tool to see what we want to do. And then we can start tweaking on the alert that you built, which we have disabled right now. But for now, we need to start using the unplanned GCs. Let me add one more thing to this quotation. Right now, we are spending a manual effort of contractors looking, manually looking at the unplanned GC alerts. And the plan is that they will look at it. They will look at the process recommendation. And then they will contact the older person, probably Matassa or Adam, saying, hey, we noticed the alert. This is the recommendation. We are going to apply this. Do you approve it? So it's a manual process, which requires, right now, require even more manual information. So providing the button instead of this whole thing might definitely save us a lot of time and effort. I just, what I would like to know, I want to figure out how we can avoid creating incident channels unless we absolutely need to. And not using it as a means to accomplish the thing, but resorting to it if shit has already hit the fan. If we can figure out how to leverage this in such a way that we're addressing all of the things before the shit has hit the fan, then I think that's the best way to use it. We can find it later on, right? I mean, unplanned GC does not mean that shit has hit the fan. Unplanned GC is also allowing you to restart nodes before shit hits the fan. Exactly. So let's take that for now. Let's proceed to see how the tool works with that. And then we can start looking at the new alerts and how we can fine tune and take it further. Okay. I'm going to share that JIRA that I made so that you guys can take some comments on it because it's just, yeah, I'll send it in the prod services channel. And I think that we may find out that some specific alerts simply don't allow us to trigger some automatic remediation, right? Because we may still need some kind of confirmation or editing the action before executing it. I mean, what Adam mentioned was a good example, right? Some trigger or some alert gets triggered because

…

- $ I'm thinking we should reserve these types of alerts that SREBot is triggered for. For "Shit hit the fan" type of alerts.

---

I think the next question here is:

- which alerts(s) are shit hit the fan alerts.
- And which alerts are "Pre Crime"

Shit hit the fan -> SREBot Interface

Pre Crime -> create button to address the issue (eventually automatically once trust is gained)

---

https://medallia.slack.com/archives/CL1QR311N/p1715793287177999?thread_ts=1715793061.221389&cid=CL1QR311N

---

# Title

Resurface Heap Spike Alert

---

## Action Item

We need to bring back the previously created heap spike alert as it will serve as a dependency for the new heap management implementation in sre-router.

## Background

Heap spikes are often early indicators of potential performance issues. Addressing these spikes proactively can prevent nodes from experiencing unplanned garbage collection (GC) and other performance-related issues. The original heap spike alert was designed to notify us when such spikes occur, but it is currently inactive.

Reactivating this alert is crucial for the successful implementation of our new heap management strategy (with SRE Router), which involves adjusting heap sizes based on historical usage.

## Proposed Implementation

1. Review the original heap spike alert configuration.
2. Make any necessary updates to ensure compatibility with the current system.
3. Reactivate the alert and verify its functionality in the testing environment.
    1. [Init heap spike alert for testing by erauner · Pull Request #2923 · medallia/giraffe-alerts](https://github.medallia.com/medallia/giraffe-alerts/pull/2923)

## Acceptance Criteria

- The heap spike alert is reactivated and operational.
- The alert accurately detects heap spikes and sends notifications/payload via post request.
- The alert works seamlessly with the new heap management implementation in sre-router.
