---
id: 9
up: "[[2024-W8]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240222000100
modified: 20240223000100
aliases:
  - Thursday - February 22nd 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Thursday - February 22nd 2024
title: Thursday - February 22nd 2024
week: "[[2024-W8]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q1]]"
monthly: "[[2024-02]]"
daily: "[[2024-02-22]]"
month: "February"
weekday: Thursday
---

# Thursday - February 22nd 2024





## Check Current Resource Parameter Values

Check parameter values in `value.yaml` against what the live pod is running. In these case, we'll use a no-op as a n example.


For the `BackEnd` service, run the following command to describe its resources:

```
kubectl describe BackEnd sretesthelmcolo-be -n tenant-124311-prod --context yul1 | grep "Resources" -A 3
```
Expected output:
```
Resources:
  Cpu:             2
  Ephemeral Disk:  2Gi
  Mem:             42188Mi
```

---

For the `FrontEnd` service, run the following command:
```
kubectl describe FrontEnd sretesthelmcolo-fe1 -n tenant-124311-prod --context yul1 | grep "Resources" -A 3
```
Expected output:
```
Resources:
  Cpu:             2
  Ephemeral Disk:  2Gi
  Mem:             42188Mi
```

## Prepare Changes to Resources
- Prepare changes to amend the values of the helm chart.
- Specifically updating the parameter values without changing the express version of the cluster.
- Create a pull request against `values.yaml` or prepare changes

## Monitor Pod Status Before Applying Changes
- Run a continuous loop to monitor the status of the pods before applying changes:
```
while true; do ./pods sretesthelmcolo; sleep 5; done
```

## Apply the Changes

- Use `kubectl` to apply (faster) or merge the pull request.
- This step involves simulating failure with resource changes by applying a specific commit or configuration update from a repository.

## Verify Pod Status After Applying Changes
- After applying the changes, continue to monitor the pods to verify the status post-application.
- Notice especially the transition of all of the pods to the `Terminating` status and then back to `Running` or any other expected status.

## Investigate Any Issues or Anomalies
- If there are unexpected behaviors such as all pods restarting at the same time or other anomalies, take note of these and investigate further.
- From what I have found, there are issues with termination and restarting of **pods unless the express version is changed at the same time**
