---
up: "[[2024-W20]]"
description: ""
publish: false
starred: false
status: ""
type: note
tags:
  - periodic/daily
cssclasses:
  - "cards"
  - "cards-cols-1"
obsidianUIMode: source
obsidianEditingMode: live
template: "[[Daily]]"
created: 20240513000100
modified: 20240513172909
aliases:
  - Monday - May 13th 2024
linter-yaml-title-alias: Monday - May 13th 2024
title: Monday - May 13th 2024
id: 10
week: "[[2024-W20]]"
yearly: "[[2024]]"
quarterly: "[[2024-Q2]]"
monthly: "[[2024-05]]"
daily: "[[2024-05-13]]"
month: "May"
weekday: Monday
---

# Monday - May 13th 2024

Reject the task only if it is blocked. Otherwise, queue up the task and leave it in a pending state until it can run.

At this point, the user does not have a way to track the task's status, as the scheduler's responses and status are not propagated to the user interface or any other visible location. You will be able to see this in the SRE API UI. This is something that could be changed in the future.

For now, the default behavior is to submit or accept the task and leave it in a pending state until it can be unsuspended. Only reject the task if the user specifically requests it.

---

Submit now

---

SRE API Slack Integration Features and Demo

The Slack integration includes several key features:

- binding tasks to Slack threads
- supporting slash commands
- providing options to create JIRA tickets

These four implemented tasks have the potential to be widely used.

For the demo, we plan to showcase these four implemented tasks. The format will vary depending on the task:

- `MecBounceNode`: Executes the task immediately without creating a JIRA ticket.
- `MecAdjustHeap` and `DcrStartFarm`: Creates a JIRA ticket first, then executes the task.

We will highlight the differences in the JIRA integration for each task. For Example, Bounce node does not have JIRA integration, while DCR always creates a JIRA ticket, regardless of user preference.
