# Memo memos/1874
- 22:23 In a strange way, I'm starting to realize the gravity of trying to care about everything. I've been reading books about this concept for a while now. The idea has been drilled into my head so much that I can recite the words. But sometimes, it's like I'm at church, hearing a sermon, and losing attention because it's boring and unrelatable. This isn't the case here. I know it's relatable and true. Not only do I feel inclined to believe in it, but I've also convinced others when I rant about it. #daily-record ^1728444218
The difference is that while it's true, it's not something you can easily embrace and live by. Truly embracing the reality of not giving a fuck is paradoxical and counterintuitive. You have to go through the emotions of admitting and acknowledging that you shouldn't give a fuck because you can't. Even then, you try to have the best of both worlds and realize you can't have your cake and eat it too.
You come to understand that while you want to get things done, live, enjoy, be free, and grow as a person, you can't do everything you think you need or want to do. You can't do all the things all the time. Even with AI boosting productivity to new levels, human constraints still exist. Trying to care about every single thing, including how people see or respond to you, is overwhelming.
Overthinking simple decisions as if they really matter is pointless. It's not that these things mean nothing, but they can't mean everything alongside all the other things you've decided are worth your time and energy. This changes not just daily but on a minute-by-minute basis.
You have to accept that you can't care about everything all the time. Change the granularity of what matters in a given moment. Acknowledge that not everything happening around you is worth your attention. Tell yourself it's not worth trying to onboard all this bullshit that demands your concern.